---
title: "‘For whatever was written in former"
date: "2024-07-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For whatever was written in former days was written for our instruction, that through endurance and through the encouragement of the Scriptures we might have hope’ (Romans 15:4)

---

### Reflection

It is God’s spirit that fills one with ‘hope’; He enlightens the mind with the strength to overcome all limitations and barriers imposed upon it – be it by people or circumstances. Our Creator knew the kind of intricacies and complexities we would have to deal with in our earthly existence. He therefore gave Jacob (His inheritance) the Laws and precepts (the Decalogue). By following these instructions, His people would be blessed to enjoy peace and prosperity in the land. But as time passed, mistrust and corruption swept through the given laws, when these were interpreted for convenience to suit the interests of those in power and authority. It came to pass as though ‘Man’ was created for the ‘Sabbath’ and not the Sabbath for man. It is then that God sent His Son, Jesus, who became the Word who incarnated in flesh, to restore, interpret and fulfill the intent of God’s Law and commandments. The Holy Spirit reminds us that what was written in former days was for our instruction and will continue to be so till the end times. For, what God purposed for Eternity, could not be improvised to cater to human civilization or advancements. How could human wisdom ever be compared to the Wisdom of God? Today as ever, the Word of God is powerful to seep through human minds, understand the dwellings of the heart, to transform the minds and thought processes of every man, no matter how defiant, belligerent, or indifferent. Ask the Lord Jesus, the Word made flesh, to fill your hearts with hope and boldness to pray for the ‘impossible’ in life – people and situations. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
