---
title: "‘Thus says the Lord, The people"
date: "2024-10-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Thus says the Lord, The people who survived the sword found grace in the wilderness; when Israel sought for rest, the Lord appeared to him from far away…’ (Jeremiah31:2,3)

---

### Reflection

These were the Chosen ones, who encountered great distress and somehow managed to save their lives. We may be reminded of specific instances in our lives too, when we managed somehow to evade great threats in life. To us it was a miraculous escape, but not at all a coincidence for the Lord who permitted it in our lives. Here the Israelites survived the great conflict and managed to escape to the wilderness. All through it was hardship after hardship, but now they could find the rest their hearts really needed. It was Jeremiah who sees the Lord appearing to them from far away – meaning incomprehensible to these people. And the rest was the Divine assurance given to them that the restoration (beyond imagination) was at hand. We are the chosen Ones of the Lord, those who were redeemed by the blood of Jesus on the Cross. We are not our own to fend for ourselves a way out. Even when in trials, the Lord is beside us, but as Jeremiah prophesied – far away. And the message He conveys from far away is that ‘ You have been loved with an everlasting love’; His faithfulness towards you still continues’. King David while falling into the trap of sin and greed, repented, and understanding this unfailing love of the Lord proclaimed aloud ‘ Lord! Your love has made me great’. Let us also convince ourselves of how much the Lord loves us, be thankful for his graces, and await the restoration that He has in store for us today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
