---
title: "‘Blessed is that slave whom His"
date: "2024-07-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Blessed is that slave whom His master will find at work when he arrives. …. From the one to whom much has been entrusted even more will be demanded’ (Luke 12:43-48)

---

### Reflection

The Lord was teaching His disciples the cost of discipleship. To whom, more has been entrusted from above, those whom He has called, those entrusted with authority, there is more that will be demanded from them. Jesus was not merely referring to the Service levels of His Church, but to every rank in society where authority has been conferred for serving people - it could be a family, an institution or any other. Authority comes with responsibilities and therefore would leave no scope for defiance, lacklustre attitude, indifference, or self-aggrandizement. As the Son of Man, came to serve and not to be served, to give up His life as a ransom for mankind, so would His followers need to do. Even with the most renowned, innovative set of management principles applied for administration (autocratic, democratic, transformational, Visionary, Inspirational, etc.) in the world, issues like poverty, scarcity of resources, inequalities – gender, economic and devastation of the ecology still persist as realities, because of the lack of the soothing touch of love. The work Jesus has entrusted to each of us, in our own vocations is founded on love, on compassion, on mercy and sincerity. There is no ‘one size fits all’ kind of approach that would apply when it comes to those entrusted to our care. At times even the type of subsidization (segregation for support) we create may turn meaningless to perpetrating growth unless approved and empowered by the Holy Spirit. Let us therefore ask the Lord to direct our words and deeds to be expressive of our faith in Christ through the signature of love for one another. This is what the Lord desires to see us at ‘work’ on, to be rewarded for Eternity. God bless you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
