---
title: "‘Let us discern for ourselves what"
date: "2024-09-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Let us discern for ourselves what is right and let us learn together what is good’ (Job 34:4)

---

### Reflection

It is the Word of God who teaches us what is right and good. To discern and choose righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance, and gentleness, over that which is shallow - that leads to strife, envy, malicious talk, evil suspicions, and constant friction between men is our call. We have been called to inherit the eternal (what we often tend to forget). Jesus rightly said that ‘because’ we are ignorant of the ‘Power of God’ and of ‘His Word’, we end up doing the same things that are shallow and conflict with our call. The Word of God, Jesus dwells in us, and within us is the great power of God. Therefore, to prevail in this constant combat that involves our ‘self’ with the ‘Other world’, we are called to seek strength from within. Though we live as humans, our weapons of warfare are not of this world – St Paul explained to the Corinthian believers. And these weapons are ‘the full set of armour of God’ (Ephesians 6:11-17) – The belt of truth, the breastplate of righteousness, the footwear of peace that the Gospel reminds us, the shield of faith, wearing the helmet of Salvation (against the strongholds of the evil), and the Sword of the Holy Spirit which is the Word of God. Let us ask the Lord for the grace and wisdom to strengthen ourselves with these powerful instruments He has freely given us. Wishing you a productive and powerful week ahead with Jesus at your side. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
