---
title: "‘For they persecute him whom you"
date: "2024-10-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For they persecute him whom you have struck down, and they recount the pain of those you have wounded’ (Psalm 69:26)

---

### Reflection

Quite strange is the kind of behavior, we human beings exhibit (distinct from the rest of creation) when it comes to specific instances when we are asked to be merciful. We, who have been created in the image and likeness of our Creator, at times, become so indignant and defiant to God’s mercy (that we have been privileged to experience in our lives). Some of us look down upon those in distress, those less privileged than us, judging these as deserving their plight – on account of their deeds or ways. Hardly do we realize that whether righteous or wicked, good or bad, clean or unclean, we all share a common destiny. And our destiny is in the hands of the Lord. None knows of what beholds his/her future, or the destiny that would overtake him. As it was for the psalmist David, who had to undergo unheeded persecutions (from his enemies), he was hopeless at times, but strengthened himself in the steadfast love of the Lord for him. And as Jesus reiterated – Not that the Galileans who were murdered at the hands of Pilate, ‘grievous sinners’; nor were the eighteen executed when the Tower of Shiloam collapsed utterly wicked, but for us it was a given as a warning for repentance. To learn to be more understanding, more merciful, gracious and less judgmental to others. For we all stand before the mighty presence of the Lord, the Judge of all. Just because He delays the execution of His sentence against evil, no man can prolong his evil ways and continue to sin. Though the Son of God had to experience much humiliation and suffering, his crucifixion dealt the final nail in the coffin of the devil, who had come to rob and destroy mankind. It was God’s will that Jesus was to suffer and that He was to be wounded, but for a greater purpose – for the redemption of you and me and all mankind. Likewise, none of the sufferings you and I have undergone in life, have been futile – the moment we realize this in Jesus’ name, there is healing, redemption and restoration – for us and for many. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
