---
title: "‘When He comes, He will prove"
date: "2024-04-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When He comes, He will prove the world to be in the wrong about sin and righteousness and judgment’ (John 16:8)

---

### Reflection

No matter how convincingly articulative we may be, or how successful our lives may be, we will never be able to make a change in another’s life by way of speech. Time and again, our experiences may have taught us so, but we never let go of a chance to convince another that his ways are wrong. How different and comfortable would living in this world seem to be, if everyone did listen to us? Through His Word of life today, Jesus gives a new perspective, on how our lives could pitch for the better, with ease and comfort. By asking for the power of the Holy Spirit, the power from above, that can change even the most ordinary situations to one of triumph and glory. It is He the Holy Spirit, the power and strength of Jesus, who would prove the world of what is sin, what is righteousness and what the ultimate judgment would be. We would not need to interfere here, but to pray for an outpouring of this Spirit of ‘truth’. He would do all that would need to be done to bring in repentance, return, conversion of hearts, and a conviction of Who God is and of our relationship with Him to Eternity. Where God does the work of speaking, why would we need to bother, be hesitant, or complain? Ask for today’s anointing (a special one) of the Holy Spirit to be your best and do your best to outsmart yesterday with all its flaws. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
