---
title: "‘My soul waits for the Lord,"
date: "2024-11-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘My soul waits for the Lord, more than those who watch for the morning’ (Psalm 130:6)

---

### Reflection

The morning is sure to come, no matter how dark and long the night may seem. The reality of the dawn breaking forth is the assurance for that ‘one’ who trusts in God. That his every prayer and supplication will be accepted, received, and processed ‘in favor’ and in line with God’s master plan for his behalf. You and I are called to thus patiently wait for God’s great works to be revealed. What could be more irksome than to wait for something, to see the fulfilment of one’s dreams – in the context of a fast-paced world, where our hopes may seem as mere mirages or fancies, and the oblivion/ the fear of being singled out from the swarming majority, an unpleasant reality. The Word of the Most High teaches us that what brings in a change is not one’s desire or relentless efforts alone, but grace and mercy from above. Without the latter, we would all be as though catching after the wind or chasing after shadows that hardly exist without light. The Light in us is Jesus and with Him all that we have dreamt of, of been created for and desire from the depths of our hearts will be fulfilled and find fruition. Wait for the Lord! Be patient, let your hearts garner courage; for the Lord is good to all those who wait for Him and take joy in His coming. I pray for you, that your faith be increased, your love and patient waiting for the Lord be motivated and you be blessed with all that you have been asking for in prayer. In Jesus name. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
