---
title: "‘Who then are those who fear"
date: "2024-10-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Who then are those who fear the Lord? He will instruct them in the ways they should choose’ (Psalm 25:12)

---

### Reflection

Who is this One who fears the Lord, the Blessed One, for there will be no want for him. He is the One who is taught by the Lord, instructed in His Way, and encouraged to endure hardships in life. It is the Lord who consoles, comforts and leads His path. This One will not experience want – not in the sense the world would understand of him. He may go through wilderness times, those that are dreadful to the worldly man, he may be led through loneliness, sorrows, and life-threatening torrents in the course of living, just to build in him the conviction - that One is established by His Creator and none. He would never retract to blame the Lord for the variety of ‘circumstances’, but would seek of Him the wisdom to comb cautiously through and discern what all these were meant for. When desperate, the Spirit of God restitutes him to the status quo. To be the favorite of the Lord is not merely a privilege, but a choice too. For with all the fascinations – the myriad colours of this world, how would One choose to be faithful always and in all ways to the Lord? Because he understands that the One who has called him is faithful, ardent and sincere, He will never fail or forsake. With such a Lord at our side, let us pray for the grace of loving the presence of the Lord, seeking strength for endurance and faithfulness, believing that He always rewards the One who is sincere. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
