---
title: "‘He made known to us the"
date: "2024-07-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He made known to us the mystery of His will according to His good pleasure, which He purposed in Christ’ (Ephesians 1:9)

---

### Reflection

In Christ Jesus, was revealed to us the greatest of all mysteries – that for all the earth, Salvation was planned and perfected by the Father to be fulfilled in His Son, Jesus. There is forgiveness of all sins through Jesus, through grace that flowed from the Cross where He sacrificed Himself as the Lamb of God. Through His blood mankind is redeemed and the fruits of this redemption was made available in the course of time and space of mankind, to all who believed in Him. And this was so destined that all creation in Heaven and on the earth may acknowledge, bow down and give honour to Jesus. Jesus is Your way, the only Truth for You and the abundance of life for you. What is therefore our thanksgiving, reciprocation for this gift of Jesus? To live a holy and blameless life before the Father. This would elevate us to the personality of Jesus, that for which we were created and predestined to transform into before the foundations of the earth. Behold, what love the Father has shown us, that we were made His Sons and daughters in Jesus. Lord, we thank you for the grace we receive each day through our love for Jesus, fill us with gifts that adorn the Heavenly realms, today to live our call. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
