---
title: "‘This is what the Lord says"
date: "2024-12-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘This is what the Lord says – Your redeemer, the Holy One of Israel: I am the Lord your God, who teaches you what is best for you, who directs you in the way you should go’ (Isaiah 48:17)

---

### Reflection

The ways of the Lord are incomprehensible at times - hard to accept, sometimes seemingly sinister, in contrast with our wishes and dreams of living. To Jonah, obeying God’s command of preaching repentance to the Assyrians, was antithetical, because of their animosity and contention with the Jews. When appointed by God to lead His people out of Egypt, Moses felt all the more delirious, as it was easier for him (Moses) to trust his instincts (his experiences and memories of the past when none of the Israelites believed him) than to take up the God-given task. For Abraham to leave his ancestral home and venture into the unknown as a nomad, it took courage to overcome all criticisms from dear and near unfazed. And when these obeyed, discarding all inhibitions of their mind, intellect, rationale, and the crowds, they were blessed, set apart, and exalted with impeccable capabilities and powers to succeed. Today the Lord comes to you and me, asking us to trust Him. He who holds the keys of the House of David, who knows exactly what has befallen us, and what is to come, and what is yet to be done – expects us to be calm, composed and obey Him, even if things may seem grim and unclear as of now. He is at work to augment things for our best. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
