---
title: "‘And now bless the God of"
date: "2024-09-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And now bless the God of All, who everywhere works great wonders, who exalts our days from birth and deals with us according to His mercy’ (Sirach 50:22)

---

### Reflection

After having portrayed the glory and acclaim of Simon, the High Priest – He was a man filled with wisdom from above, a man with a pure heart who knew what it meant to discern between the consecrated and the ordinary. His efforts in repairing the House of God, perfecting, sanctifying, and fortifying it for God’s people, laid the foundations for generations of Israel. By setting an emulative example to the people, He blessed God’s people thus, reminding them of the wondrous deeds that God did and was still doing for their behalf. Asaph the musician and worship leader at the temple during the times of King David, did express a similar kind of acclamation to God through his Psalm 73. Asaph was once wavering in his faith in God, impacted by a severe conflict from within, trying to make sense of all the afflictions that a believer had to undergo, while the wicked went scot-free. While in the presence of God, while in worship, the Spirit of God touched his heart to understand what was oppressive to him - that God is always good, to all who are true of heart. Guided by this counsel from God, Asaph raises this prayer – My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion forever. Yes, God is our strength and our portion forever, let us reiterate to ourselves. The gladness of heart is what He gives us, restoring our minds to comfort, even when the world says there is no hope and peace. His mercy and goodness shall surely follow us all the days of our life. His Cross - our salvation and deliverance throughout our days. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
