---
title: "‘I commend you to God and"
date: "2024-04-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I commend you to God and to the Word of His Grace, which is able to build you up and to give you the inheritance among all those who are sanctified’ (Acts 20:32)

---

### Reflection

Paul was on his way to Jerusalem when he got a chance to meet with the Ephesian believers with whom he had a great connection. Paul had been living in Ephesus for almost 3 years when he preached to them the Gospel and from there to all surrounding regions his ministry spread. The number of miracles, signs and works of power that occurred in this region was tremendous and extraordinary. He also had to suffer much persecution, contempt, jealousy and severe setbacks while ministering there. Now when he knew that he hadn’t much time ahead and was to go to Jerusalem, he prayed for the Ephesians whom he dearly loved. What best could we do for those close to our hearts, but to commend them to the Lord and into the protection of His Word? God’s Word wields the power to build up, protect, support, rejuvenate and restore relationships, people, situations; and even hopeless turnarounds. Contrary to common course thinking that it is human skills, wit, empathy, and words that make a change in lives, God’s Word revives and elevates one to a higher pedestal in grace to receive from above and give more to those around. It doesn’t matter what you are or what you do, without God’s grace, you and I are powerless, with nothing worthy at hand. Let the Holy Spirit teach us to offer all that is ours to the Lord and the sanctification of His Word. May the Risen Jesus work miracles in your life, especially in those most unexpected and forgotten areas of life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
