---
title: "‘I want you to know, brothers,"
date: "2024-08-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I want you to know, brothers, that what has happened to me has really served to advance the Gospel’ (Philippians 1:12)

---

### Reflection

In all things, God works for the good of those who love Him, this message Paul was reiterating while he was in prison in Rome. The confinement (he was presently undergoing) was what God was making use of in spreading the good news to all believers. Not just for Paul, but for each one of us, the message holds true, that every situation in life, is an opportunity for the intervention of the supernatural. In the weakest of his circumstances, St Paul states that he would boast, because of God’s power becoming manifest more evidently in Him. Whether we accept it or not, God works tirelessly in drawing His beloved ones to Him. He makes use of all the occurrences in his/her life to teach him the undeniable principles of His Kingdom. Even adversaries who contended tooth and nail with us were those who were arrayed by the Lord before us that we may learn that He is our source of strength and encouragement. The times of need were those that confirmed to us that He was our provider for all times. And as often as we do, we question the Lord of these impulses, of why these were permitted abruptly into our lives, driving away the peace in us. That we may not store up for ourselves wrath, on that day of God’s righteous judgment (Romans 2:5), that we may be saved in Jesus, by a repentant heart that reflects the mercy and love of God to all men. This is why He has allowed us through fire and water, through times of trial and tribulation, that we may be doers of His Word and fulfill the will of the Father. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
