---
title: "‘In everything, set them an example"
date: "2024-07-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In everything, set them an example by doing what is good. In your teaching show integrity, seriousness, and soundness of speech…...’ (Titus 2:7)

---

### Reflection

Every Community of Believers in Christ is to function as a domain of excellence – an example of doing good. Because it is from here that to all may be unveiled the glory of God, the Light of Christ that has the power to illumine the darkest areas of life. Paul’s advice to Titus, his close associate and supporter in spreading the Gospel throughout the Mediterranean land, was one of universal intent, a protocol that would help administer the healthy functioning and growth of a community. A Faith that is built upon Christ, a faith that is centered on love and integrity in relationships will stand the tests of time and culture. Over the years, it is the Spirit of God that has been leading the Church, sustaining it, and preparing it to take on newer onslaughts, paradigm shifts and doctrines posing contradiction to faith and living. Why Christ died for us on the Cross, the purpose of his sacrifice is often forgotten by mankind. Christ redeemed us so that we may be delivered from all that is lawless, unjust and crooked, that we may be set apart for Him, His own possession, chosen to do His works on earth. Therefore, we are called not to be conformed to this world, its ways and beliefs, but to be transformed in the light of the Gospel message, to a life of peace, that this world cannot give. Jesus challenges us to offer ourselves to Him, to adorn innocence and prudence as hallmarks of our character. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
