---
title: "‘….For He that is higher than"
date: "2024-05-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘….For He that is higher than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they’ (Ecclesiastes 5:8)

---

### Reflection

To us who keep harping on the varied types of injustice, oppression and iniquities that crop up then and there in societal living, the Spirit of Jesus gives us counsel and comfort. We tend to get perplexed and deterred by odds and oddities in life, especially when they seem to emerge from the most sober and subtle avenues of daily living. Through each of these experiences, the Lord has great regard for us. Firstly because it was He who had permitted these to pay unexpected visits in our otherwise peaceful living. And these tend to leave significant imprints as aftereffects in our personality – intellectual, motivational, spiritual - and multidimensional. Yes, we must accept that some of these did forcefully drag us to and fro, derailing our course in life’s journey, some were highly detested due to the negative tinge and colour they instilled into a relaxed living. But every time we felt we were ignored or that we deserved more than what was given, the Lord took note of the same. And today He urges us to take heart, to console ourselves – to find peace in the Peace He gives us, to let go of the memories of yester years and experience the restoration, renewal and love He fills us for this day. For the hierarchies of this earth may fail to prove just, but He, the Highest above all, longs to ensure that we are found lacking in nothing, He who had come for giving us abundance in life, will be our shield, hiding place and refuge every moment in time. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
