---
title: "‘Those whom I love, I reprove"
date: "2024-06-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Those whom I love, I reprove and discipline, so be zealous and repent’ (Revelations 3:19)

---

### Reflection

To the Church of Laodicea, the Lord opens His heart of love. His heart which was pierced for the sins and sacrileges of mankind, still throbs for the pitiest of sinners. However unworthy, wretched, blind, and naked they were in the Spirit, Jesus calls them to repentance. They need not do anything, but offer themselves to Him, so that they may be clothed with His righteousness and anointed with His oil. This message was not just to the Laodicean believers, but also to You and me. Those whom the Lord loves would need to undergo rigorous training that leads to the transformation of their lives and attitudes. This He permits not to punish them, but to retrieve them to their lost glory, to the purpose of their lives. Look into yourself, into the call that the Lord has called you to – Ask of Jesus, what He desires of you in life, what are the plans He has for you to undertake, that You alone can fulfil. Pray for the strength, drive and courage to fulfil this with zeal and commitment. There may be trials that drive one to lean on himself, his expediencies and traits, forfeiting the promptings of God’s Spirit within. Even when we fail, Jesus never fails in His commitment to us, so return to the Lord, be zealous and repent, and Permit Grace to outdo all that human fallacy has contrived. Let us thus walk today with the Lord, learn from Him to do those works that He inspires us to do with zeal and die hard commitment. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
