---
title: "‘But when I thought how to"
date: "2024-10-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But when I thought how to understand this, it seemed to me a wearisome task’ (Psalm 73:16)

---

### Reflection

It is joy and abundance of life that God gives to all who approach Him. During His public ministry, Jesus while inviting people to be part of God’s Kingdom by following the Beatitudes, promised them that they would be rewarded with joy and peace, the moment they embraced His kingdom. Paul said that the kingdom of God was much beyond food and drink, it was an ecstasy (of joy) in the Holy Spirit. You and I are called merely to rejoice. But when things don’t turn around as expected, how could we possibly learn to rejoice and keep praying? It was not until the psalmist approached God’s sanctuary, that he was able to discern and perceive what God willed through each of his trials. As a rationale human being, it wasn’t any easy for him to understand though he had been trying to make sense of his difficulties in the light of the lives of many around him. And by looking elsewhere other than the Lord, one would never succeed in finding the solution to his specific questions concerning life. Therefore, let us stop wasting time comparing ourselves with those around us, sighing, vying and competing with others before the Almighty. But power comes the moment we accept, oblige, and besiege the Lord, asking Him for mercy, intervention and help in the midst of upheavals in life. Lord, give me the tenacity and humility to keep asking You until all seems comprehensible and the unbelievable unravels in my ordinary life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
