---
title: "‘He will transform our weak bodies"
date: "2024-09-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He will transform our weak bodies so that they be like His glorious body, by the power that enables Him to bring everything under His control’ (Philippians 3:21)

---

### Reflection

He who defeated death by the very power of His resurrection is in control of everything. Jesus assures us His unfailing companionship, though the going may be tough at times on this earth – through the storms and turbulences of this life, He shows us the way. We must say to ourselves that every occurrence in life is a distinct plan, a deliberate one, that which may be incomprehensible to us when perceived with the eye-piece of today, but which will be purposed by time and tide. There is no coincidence in fact in our lives. And even if something ‘untoward’ knocks at the door, the Lord knows how to deal with each in its appropriateness. Beyond this superficial understanding, He calls us to obtain, He invites us into a deeper understanding of the Gospel truths, provided we are fascinated to learn more. Our mortal bodies may be weak, but within it is His power that can turn the tides of time, one that can rewrite legacies and destinies. By the power of His Holy Spirit, He can induce the needed change in us to transform into glorious resurrected beings as Him. This transformation the Lord does is not merely after one’s death (sure thing, we believe in this resurrection of our bodies), but even before death, when with all that is sinful, unworthy, or stale (corruption in the flesh) in us, He evolves into vessels of grace to be bearers of His mercy. From this standpoint, You and I have nothing to claim about, but for His overflowing grace for which we hope and pray for each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
