---
title: "‘Is it not in your going"
date: "2024-11-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Is it not in your going with us, so that we are distinct, I and your people from every other people from the face of the earth?’ (Exodus 33:16)

---

### Reflection

The Book of Exodus tells us that the Lord spoke to Moses face to face as a man speaks to his friend. It was at the Tent of meeting, pitched far away from the residences of the people that Moses used to converse with the Lord and inquire of Him His will, interceding for God’s people. God’s presence and His glory would descend to the place, whenever this God man approached the Tent of meeting. Such was the powerful prayer Moses made to the Lord and how he was favoured by the ‘Most High’. He witnessed to the peoples’ that it was God’s presence and accompaniment with them that made them distinct and superior amongst all the earth. The Old Covenant permitted God’s own to a restricted understanding of who God was. It was Jesus who entered into the Holy of Holies, to break down all barriers that stood before God and man (through His sacrifice of self), that a new Covenant of friendship was opened to mankind before their God. In Jesus, through His precious blood, the foundation of the new Covenant, we have access to the Father. We have been privileged to be accompanied to the Holiest Heavens because of Jesus. And every time, we approach the Lord during the Eucharist, the Lord speaks to us face to face, as a man speaks to his friend. Lord Jesus, open the eyes of my heart to see you, worship and adore you and glorify you every moment in time by offering myself with Jesus in every Holy mass I attend. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
