---
title: "‘O Lord, You hear the desire"
date: "2024-06-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘O Lord, You hear the desire of the afflicted; You will strengthen their heart; You will incline Your ear’ (Psalm 10:17)

---

### Reflection

God is in charge of the Universe; we must believe. Though the ways of the wicked may seem to have been condoned for long, though the unrighteous seem to prevail over the weak, God knows it all. God loves justice, but at the same time is compassionate to all. He understands the frailties of men and how they are so susceptible to sin. There is none righteous and so he gave us His only Son, Jesus – the most righteous of all. That through His sacrificial offering for all mankind and for all times, we may obtain the adornment of being children of God, of a Just Father. You and I are called to reminisce on God’s greatness – of His loving kindness to all, especially those who are sick, afflicted, oppressed and voiceless. The Lord is their stronghold, the only One whom all can trust at life’s agonizing moments. Let us pray for encouragement and strength to take on this new day. Let us offer our heartfelt prayers and supplications for ourselves and for those given to our care to Him, who sustains. Be assured that God would stand up for you at the loneliest moments of your life. He who has tasted what it meant to be rejected, despised and condemned is merciful to all who wallow in situations of pain. Thank you, Jesus, for being my strength, my encouragement, light and purpose for this day. May I glorify you today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
