---
title: "‘For the love of Christ controls"
date: "2024-11-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the love of Christ controls us, because we have concluded this; that one has died for all…that those who live might no longer live for themselves but for Him who for their sake died and was raised’ (2 Corinthians 5:14,15)

---

### Reflection

The apostle Paul was inspired and motivated by the love of Christ that surmounted him. The mystery of the Gospel that he preached to all nations far and wide, was nothing but the breadth, length, height and depths of the love of Jesus that was rooted deep within him. All his sufferings, persecution, ailments and difficulties he encountered was assimilated by him in the light of faith – for the love of the Lord. He was convinced that even though his earthly tent (outer self) was being worn out day by day, he had a massive dwelling place in Heaven, eternal that God would reward him with. For our understanding and encouragement in faith, the Holy Spirit points to us the example of this fiery apostle, a tent maker by profession, who strived hard to build God’s kingdom. Let us take up every task of the day in the same spirit, for the love of Christ, who died for us to redeem us – that all may be done for His praise and glory. You and I have been appointed stewards for God’s wealth and people. The greater our love for the Lord and gratitude for all that He obtained for us, the greater will be our faithfulness and trustworthiness to our call. Let us thus no longer live for ourselves and merely for our selfish motives, but for helping, encouraging and edifying the ‘other’ whom Jesus has redeemed likewise according to the desire of His Father. Through His Holy Spirit, we are controlled, we are appointed for good works and encouraged to do our best. May the love of the Lord be your garb and strength this day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
