---
title: "‘The Lord says to my Lord,"
date: "2024-09-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord says to my Lord, ‘Sit at my right Hand until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet’ (Psalm 110:1)

---

### Reflection

You and I are called today, privileged to be with and banquet with the Lord at His right Hand. It is easy to thank Jesus, when all is bright and beautiful. But when under the canopy of a dark cloud that has been hovering over us for long, to thank the Lord and be cheerful at His presence may seem the most impossible task. Here Psalm 110 reminds us to be with Jesus, seeking His intervention and calling upon His mighty name, not merely because He saves, but because the Messiah was sent for all mankind, sent as a mediator between man and God and sent to make retribution for sins and transgressions of all. Wherever relationships between men have deteriorated and distorted beyond repair, this Messiah, the Lord Jesus holds the key to what next needs to be done for restoration. So therefore in the midst of sinfulness, guilt, despair, and dejection, our Souls must seek after the One who has power and whose saving power can never be limited. Are you in crossroads or a decisive moment in your life, the Holy Spirit inspires you to sit before the Lord, seek His presence and tangible support. He is the fullness of compassion and mercy; and nothing more would this soul need than the love of the Lord and His favor. My times are in Your Hands O Lord, my Saviour, Deliver me and cause me to ride smooth, lessen the distress within me and show me the way to victory as You have promised – the way that my enemy may be overcome and I may experience your glory. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
