---
title: "‘Though you have not seen Him,"
date: "2024-11-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Though you have not seen Him, you love Him: and even though you do not see Him now, you believe in Him and are filled with an inexpressible glorious joy, obtaining the outcome of your faith, the Salvation of your souls’ (1 Peter 1:8,9)

---

### Reflection

Faith is inevitable for You and I to obtain Salvation – ‘faith’ in Jesus Christ, which calls for (i)obedience to His Word, (ii)being sanctified by His precious blood, and (iii)being anointed by His Spirit each day. It was this Salvation that would render grace upon grace to all mankind, made known to the prophets of the Old Testament. To the prophets was revealed the ‘suffering servant’ of God, whose stripes, bruises, wounds, and afflictions brought for all mankind grace upon grace. Similar would be the grievances of a believer, one with genuine faith in the Lord, that his testing would be the reason for glory, honour, and praise before Lord Jesus at His second coming. Thus, we are invited to a life of hope, one that is always set upon an unfading, imperishable and undefiled inheritance – Eternal life, to be sober in mind, to be holy as our Father is, not to be conformed to our former ignorant ways, but to portray the risen Christ in word and Spirit. To put away from us all malice, hypocrisy, deceit and envy, and to long for being filled with pure love, that which would help us work for our Salvation. And anyone who pulls up his sleeves, and steps forward towards this outcome, will surely be rewarded by the Father, as He promised ‘ Whoever believes in Him will not be put to shame’. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
