---
title: "‘…..Work out your own salvation with"
date: "2024-11-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘…..Work out your own salvation with fear and trembling, for it is God who works in you, both to will and to work for his good pleasure’ (Philippians 2:12,13)

---

### Reflection

God’s saving Grace always envelops us, but it is our responsibility to be obedient and faithful to His Word. The salvation of mankind is in Jesus Christ, in acknowledging Him as Lord and Master of our lives. Everyone who seeks refuge in Jesus will be saved and gifted Eternity. For the Father has entrusted upon Him (Jesus) authority over all created. It is the Holy Spirit who teaches us to discern the will of God, the Father, to love Jesus His Son, our Saviour. To learn to surrender to Jesus, to be led by His unfailing love, though at times we may feel restricted, we may feel cowed down by the crowds, oblivion may have surmounted us for long. But even when none see us, the eyes of the Lord that is ten thousand times brighter than the sun, sees it all. This is why St Paul exhorted the Philippians to work out their salvation with fear and trembling, trusting in the Lord (not in the inclinations of their minds) that He would show the way ahead. It is the humility of the Lord that Paul first portrayed to the Philippians and what followed this self-denial of His was – Every knee shall bow before the name of Jesus and every tongue confess that He alone is Lord. Let this day be a new day when we offer ourselves, everything we possess before the Lord, to be blessed and multiplied. To do His will, to be His own and live our purpose to its fullest. God bless you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
