---
title: "‘There are six things that the"
date: "2024-08-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘There are six things that the Lord hates, seven that are an abomination to him; haughty eyes, a lying tongue, hands that shed innocent blood, a heart that devises wicked plans, feet that make haste to run to evil, a false witness that breathes out lies, one who sows discord among brothers..’(Proverbs 6:16-19)

---

### Reflection

You and I who claim to be followers of Christ are to walk in ‘the Way’ He has shown us. All things may be permissible to us, especially when at the helm of affairs (those in authority) may find people and situations at their beck and call. But for a believer in Christ, irrespective of who he or she is, all things may not be ideal to conform to. Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of the mind so as to accept only what purports in perfection to the will of God – this was how the Roman Christians were exhorted to live as St Paul advised them. To live by faith and not by sight. And those who live by sight are those prompted to live according to the dictates of the flesh – haughtiness of the eyes, hands that shed blood (that defame or destroy another), a heart which is deceitful and engages in brooding on plans to destroy, feet that follow after sin, a lying tongue and the initiator of divisions in a family. All these are an abomination to the Lord and when these are committed the doer distances himself from God’s grace. Calamity would come upon such a one and he will be broken beyond healing – as the author of Proverbs describes the predicament of his misdeeds. Let us therefore take on this day with a pure heart, one sanctified with the Blood of the Lamb, Jesus Christ, who suffered outside the gate for each of us. Let us approach Him and ask forgiveness, a reparation for all our sins and transgressions – the one who endured all reproach for our redemption. He will help us renew ourselves in His Spirit of truth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
