---
title: "‘For this is why the Gospel"
date: "2024-05-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For this is why the Gospel was preached even to those who are dead, that though judged in the flesh the way people are, they might live in the Spirit in the way God does’ (1 Peter 4:6)

---

### Reflection

In Christ Jesus, we have been called to live an exemplary life in the Spirit, by obeying every Word that comes from the mouth of God. This is what Peter meant when he spoke of a life in Christ to be lived in the flesh not to satiate bodily passions but the will of God. The will of God is that we must each day transform into the image and likeness of Jesus. It is easy to live according to the ways of men, what the world teaches us, but to dare to be different, to forfeit sensuality and pleasures of the things around us would require courage and conviction. This is what the Spirit of the Lord imbibes in us, whenever we approach Jesus and seek help and support from Him. To be considered righteous during the Day of Final judgment, when all men would be brought before the Throne of Grace, we must have secured for us His favour, during this short earthly existence. As King David referred to ‘ to be the one whom the Lord considers blameless, is the one who is blessed, not the one whom the world extols’. This is why the truth was preached even to the dead, that men may realize – not by power or might or superior skills can the Kingdom of God be obtained, but by force, which comes from a Spirit-filled living. Let us pray for this grace of being forgiven and reclaimed by Jesus through mercy each day in life, to be loved by the Lord, and to be regarded for by Him always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
