---
title: "‘He has raised up a horn"
date: "2024-07-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He has raised up a horn of Salvation for us in the house of His servant David…..Salvation from our enemies, from the hand of all who hate us, to show mercy to our ancestors, to remember His holy Covenant, …to rescue us from the hand of our enemies and to enable us to serve Him’ (Luke 1:69-74)

---

### Reflection

God in His infinite wisdom predestined our Salvation; He chose the Family of David to execute this salvation into human history (time and space) through His only Son, Jesus. This was a massive plan, to encompass the defeat of our enemies, to deliver us from the hands of all who oppress us (who hate us), to rescue us from the hands of our enemies to serve God. The most likely question that may arise in our minds is ‘Who this enemy is?’ St Paul in his Letter to the Ephesians makes it clear that this enemy is not flesh and blood, but the rulers, authorities, and powers of the Dark, the Spiritual forces of Evil in the Heavenly realms. (Ephesians 6:12) Knowingly or unknowingly You and I slip into unheeded sufferings, afflictions and pain, all due to this enemy who prowls around looking for whom to devour and destroy. Where can our deliverance come from? Today’s Word from the Spirit of God enlightens us to look to ‘Jesus’, who was sent to reign in complete deliverance to mankind. On His Cross, He challenged and defeated the authority of the Prince of this world, who had till then enslaved mankind into death. Powers and authorities of the world were disarmed and made public ridicule on the Cross at Calvary. Through the Holy Spirit, the world was sensitized about sin, of righteousness and judgment, that the Ruler of this world has already been judged. Let this be an eye opener for you and me to call upon the name of ‘Jesus’ our horn of Salvation, the King of Kings, the Son of David and receive peace. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
