---
title: "‘Listen to me, You who pursue"
date: "2024-06-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Listen to me, You who pursue righteousness, you who seek the Lord: Look to the rock from which you were hewn, and to the quarry from which you were dug’ (Isaiah 51:1)

---

### Reflection

The prophet addresses not all of Israel but specifically those who are in pursuit of the truth – the Righteous. Those who are keen on following after the footsteps of the law, the Word of God, and those who desire to live His Word. These may not be successful, as they may seem to be direly distinct, not appealing to the good sense of the crowds, and may seem dull and unintelligible. But God promises them the joy and peace of a lifetime when they place their trust in the ‘Rock’ from which they were hewn, in the ‘quarry’ from which they were dug out. This Rock is Jesus, who changed the face of mankind pleasing to the Most High and This Quarry is the Word of life, that brought them to life from the curse/misery of sin. In no other does the Salvation of mankind rest, other than in the name of Jesus Christ and the power of His Cross. To all who wish to be filled with the love of God, Jesus is your way. He will lead you to the truth, you desired for all these years, to the communion of the ‘righteous’ before the Throne of Mercy. And ask of Jesus all that you desire, for He will open the doors of blessings, those that mankind has not seen, heard or even thought of. Because He is the beloved of His Father and so are you who are with Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
