---
title: "‘The Lord makes firm the steps"
date: "2024-08-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord makes firm the steps of the One who delights in him; though he may stumble, he will not fall, for the Lord upholds him with His hand’ (Psalm 37:23,24)

---

### Reflection

That which has adorned human beings with glory by the Creator is their superior intelligence. Among the primates, with whom we share similarities, our distinctiveness lies in our capability to think, articulate and act. Even with all his faculties and skills intact, this creation, man is susceptible to making mistakes, to falling into errors and failing too. Man who is limited by the metrics of the physical world – space and time, would also need to submit himself to the metrics of the ‘Other world’ – the Spiritual. There is a world more expansive and powerful, beyond the perception of the physical, the existence of which human beings fail to perceive, understand or even comprehend. However, vehemently we may oppose the existence of this world, the elements of this world are powerful in transforming our thought processes, ideologies and personalities either positively or negatively. Even among siblings who shared a common childhood experience, there would emerge stark differences in how each would respond (to situations in life as they crop up later). Going by the standards of our culture, It is only a matter of time for human beings to succeed or fail in life’s long course. What matters the most is the ability to be resilient. And this resilience is not something one acquires through physical training of the intellect or by endurance, but the power of the soul which is strengthened by His Creator. It is this that today’s Word from the Lord promises us – that our steps would be made firm, even amid tumults, turmoils, slander, persecution and grave insults…. Because the Lord is at our side, no one can cause our defeat. We may stumble but He will never cause us to fall, but uphold us more mercifully than yesteryears. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
