---
title: "‘Since they did not know the"
date: "2024-04-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Since they did not know the righteousness of God and sought to establish their own, they did not submit to God’s righteousness’ (Romans 10:3)

---

### Reflection

‘They’ could be ‘You’ and ‘me’, or anyone ignorant of Christ Jesus. The One who believes in Jesus is convinced of the Cloak of righteousness that Jesus has wrapped him in, not one that he deserves, but bequeathed to Him by the Son of God. Dressed appropriately in this Garb of Righteousness of Jesus, we make ourselves worthy to feast at the Table of God, the Father, who hosts a grand banquet of His mercy and compassion for all mankind. This is why this parable of the Wedding Feast ends with the heartrending message that ‘Many are invited but few are chosen’ (Matthew 22). What essential condition would secure our worthiness to feast with God in the Banquet He has individually invited us to? The likeness of Jesus. And this is what we receive when we believe in Jesus, that He is the culmination of the Law so that righteousness is opened to all. This is the essence, the crux of our belief, that through Jesus, and only through HIM, there is Salvation. When we obey what He tells us, we are redeemed and wrapped again with the righteous blood of the Lamb of God – the Lamb that was sacrificed but yet is alive, reigning in Glory with the Father. The Lamb which only could open the seal of the Heavenly scroll, that reconciliation to the Father was made a reality for all mankind. In this is God’s righteousness revealed, that though we were unworthy, sinful and lost, the Blood of Jesus rescued, renewed and reclaimed us to Him. Why then do we need to settle scores and establish our rights, when we are a Royal kingdom, priestly race and God’s own people. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
