---
title: "‘Pursue love, and earnestly desire the"
date: "2024-06-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Pursue love, and earnestly desire the Spiritual gifts, especially that you may prophesy’ (1 Corinthians 14:1)

---

### Reflection

After having outlined in detail the varied traits of ‘love’, St Paul asks the Corinthian Believers (not just to them but to all who believe in Jesus) to follow after ‘love’. To experience Jesus would mean to experience His love, mercy and compassion. The fullness of all revelations, knowledge and gifts is in Jesus Christ. It is when one is filled with this love from Jesus, that one draws nearer to His purpose of life. You and I have been called to live in this world as His Chosen, those His Father has given to Him, as the branches of the Vine. So easily said, but hard to do, especially when strangled by the cares and worries of this world. Here again, through Psalm 4, the Lord comes to our comfort, that ‘more than what they have when their grain and wine abound, You have put joy in my heart’. This joy prepares us to desire and pray for the 9 Spiritual gifts - the gift of Wisdom, knowledge, faith, healing, to work miracles, to prophesy, to discern of Spirits, to speak in tongues and interpreting tongues. Without the love of the Lord in us, neither would we be able to receive these gifts given by the Holy Spirit, nor would we be able to desire for these. Spiritual gifts are to be spiritually discerned and not by the knowledge that the world has given us. Let us therefore humble ourselves, to open our hearts to receive from Jesus, to strive to be like Him, to do all things with greater love. Lord Jesus, stay with me this day, enlighten my mind, heart and Spirit to be Your Light in the world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
