---
title: "‘And I saw no temple in"
date: "2024-07-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And I saw no temple in the city, for its temple is the Lord God the Almighty and the Lamb’ (Revelations 21:22)

---

### Reflection

The magnanimity of our God is that He is ‘Emmanuel’, a God who accompanies His people. To the Israel of Old, He was with them as the Pillar of Cloud and Fire, by day and night. Through the wilderness, He led them, they felt no dearth or want for their necessities even in the most adverse circumstances of their journey, and He gave to them the inheritance of a land flowing with milk and honey. There was a temple erected by these Chosen people symbolic of His presence and power with them. Whenever they raised their voices in prayer in this temple, they received support and deliverance. They were taught to depend on the Lord for not merely their provisions but also to overcome challenges, difficulties and tribulations in life. The new generations were not skilled in warfare, but their trust in God helped them prevail over their stronger opponents. Jesus envisioned the unveiling of a new Heaven and Earth, one that was distinct from that which existed. It was when the people of God worshipped God in Spirit and truth, to them would rain down graces unheard of. It is the predisposition of their hearts, the consecration of themselves that mattered to God, than any place of Divinity. Not to mean that institutions or places consecrated to God (Churches) were of lower significance, but that these could ignite the presence of the Holy Spirit in those who approached them with the sanctity of the heart. You and I are that temple of God, in which dwells God’s presence. It is when our hearts are enflamed with love (for God and man) that graces flow unceasingly into our lives and societies. It is not the place but into our hearts that the Lord looks to, that each time we partake in those Divine mysteries of His death and resurrection, we are renewed in our call and capability to be like Him. Then the Lord God the Almighty and the Lamb will reign in us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
