---
title: "‘And to whom did God swear"
date: "2024-12-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And to whom did God swear that they would never enter his rest if not to those who disobeyed? So we see that they were not able to enter, because of their unbelief (Hebrews 3:18,19)

---

### Reflection

God is our refuge, stronghold, shield, fortress, and horn of our Salvation. As long as we submit to God’s authority over everything, He is our provider – even the rest needed in our lives come from Him. The term rest can be interpreted to mean tranquil, calm, peace, confidence, and encouragement. It is this that we deprive ourselves, whenever we depart from faith, from trust in the Lord and rely on our self-sufficiency. The inclinations of our mind, our intellect, experiences, and counsel from others may cause us to unravel solutions to the many problems or difficulties in life. More so, because we fail to realize that none of these would have plagued our lives without the Lord’s consent. When the Israelites were delivered from Egypt to be given the promised land, they were called to a life of complete ‘trust’ in God. It was God who delivered them from the slavery of the Egyptians, who led them out into the promised land, which they were to possess soon. The earlier inhabitants of this land were displaced (because of their sinfulness) and their land handed over to God’s people, that they may glorify the Lord through their lives. But those who rebelled and challenged the many obstacles that came their way while in the wilderness, had to succumb to death even before seeing the promised land. Their unbelief proved them fatal. It is this message that the Spirit of God imbibes in us this day to return, and reclaim the glory that is ours – In Jesus is our refuge, shield, strength, and rest. In belief and waiting for His intervention will be our rest and reprieve for a lifetime. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
