---
title: "' And Simeon blessed them and"
date: "2024-06-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ' And Simeon blessed them and said to Mary, his mother, Behold this child is appointed for the fall and rising of many in Israel, and for a sign that is opposed and a sword will pierce through your own soul also' (Luke 2:34-35)

---

### Reflection

The heart pierced by a sword, representative of the Immaculate Mother Mary is what we are called to ponder upon this day. The feast of the Immaculate Heart of Mother Mary follows the day of the feast of the Sacred Heart of our Lord. What set aflame the Lord's heart was His immense love for the world, this same love surmounted or overwhelmed His mother's heart. But what set her apart to be commended by the prophet Simeon in the temple was that this heart that was a Treasure trove for all mankind would be wounded for all its atrocities too. The Mother who accepted all circumstances in her life as God's intervention for mankind's redemption, had to bear the pain these inflicted on her dreams and aspirations as an individual. She was thus raised as a figure for veneration and emulation for all times. She who knew what it meant to sacrifice her wishes, would essentially know how to console you and me who approach her in our times of pain. She who endured every trial from the moment of Jesus's conception to the  point of His Cross, would be our sure refuge. Each day when we begin, understanding all the intricacies and complexities we would have to face, the Blessed Mother would be at our beck and call to help and raise us, the way she accompanied Jesus to fulfil His Divine purpose. Let us seek intercession from the Mother of Grace to straighten and strengthen our way today and ever. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
