---
title: "‘As you received Christ Jesus the"
date: "2024-09-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘As you received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk in him, rooted and built up in Him and established in the faith, just as you were taught, abounding in thanksgiving’ (Colossians 2:6-7)

---

### Reflection

In Him (Jesus Christ), we have received grace over grace, an overflowing blessing, made sons of the Kingdom, perfected before the Heavenly Father (with Divine beauty, with His Spirit of gladness and a garment of praise – as per Is 61:3). It is from this awareness that thanksgiving abounds in us – how we were reclaimed into God’s kingdom by Jesus and His sacrifice for mankind. Therefore, now on, what You and I must do is just this – Walk with Jesus, rooted in Him, built up in Him and thus established in faith. Faith is His gift for us, by which we know the Lord, His kingdom, and the will of His Father; By faith, we understand what we have been destined for (well before the foundations of this world), and what we must strive hard to have a firm grip on. Not in any other must we be held captives to – human tradition, theories about the elemental Spirits, but in Jesus Christ only. And Paul affirms this by stating that through ‘obedience’ to Christ, we defeat every argument, pretension and ideology raised against the knowledge of God, because in all Heaven and on earth every authority and power has been made submissive to the Lord Jesus. That which was received by us, ‘the treasure in clay jars’, we uphold close to heart, offering ourselves to Jesus, praying that His Spirit may take control and work simultaneously with us to bring to fruition all that we do today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
