---
title: "‘You did not choose me, but"
date: "2024-11-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, He will give it to you’ (John 15:16)

---

### Reflection

We are what we are today, because Jesus loved us, chose us from among the swarming millions, and appointed us for the task of bearing fruits for His Kingdom. He gave us His ‘own’ example of how He loved the Heavenly Father, obeyed His will, and did all in His disposition to fulfill God’s will – the Salvation of mankind. We are likewise called to obey the will of Jesus and this is how we reciprocate His love for us. Not by our might, determination, and strength can we fulfill Jesus’s command to love one another. Jesus advises us to be filled with His love, to abide by the inspiration of His Holy Spirit in us. This is how we obtain well being, welfare, fortune, and prosperity that Jesus desires for us; His love is enduring, is patient, is not self-seeking, is always hopeful, protects and withstands all. To this end, we have been appointed by Jesus to reap a harvest. And to meet this objective, whatever we ask the Father in Jesus’ name we are assured to receive in bounty. With this understanding, let us look into our hearts, our orientations, desires and wishes. What more can be love than giving up one’s life for his dears. We are challenged to emulate Jesus in this, not loom large on the machinations and influences of this world, that may seem attractive but choke the life-giving Word of the Lord in us. Let us ask the Holy Spirit to guide us, how well we could channelize our talents for co-creating the good for the other and in cooperation with God who created all for the good. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
