---
title: "‘Give me understanding that I may"
date: "2024-09-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Give me understanding that I may obey your Law and follow it with all my heart’ (Psalm 119:34)

---

### Reflection

To be able to obey God’s law and follow it wholeheartedly, You and I need to be blessed with an understanding – the understanding of what would prove right and what would prove wrong through the eyes of the Lord. It is not through the lens of culture, ways of the world, human standards or intelligence or convenience of living that You and I are called to be obedient to God’s Word, but in the Spirit of the Lord. It is this Holy Spirit that helps us discern between the preferred choice and God’s pick for us. It is the latter that promotes growth in us and in the long run, no matter how unintelligible it may seem at the present. We sometimes get entangled in unlimited problems in life’s journey, and hardly know the way out; ‘What’ we then ‘need’ is the audacity and humility to sit back and ask the Lord of what He would want us to do. It is this understanding or wisdom that the psalmist prayed to be blessed with each day to guard and assure success in his ways. To those who ask the Lord, to those who seek clarity from Him, to those who are sincere in glorifying Him, our Lord opens the Heavens to bless and protect them. All through the day, it is the God of Jeshurun (You and me who petition the Lord in uprightness) who rides the Heavens to help us. Fear not, You are never alone, when the Lord has grasped your hand and is delighted in you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
