---
title: "‘Until what he had said came"
date: "2024-07-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Until what he had said came to pass the Word of the Lord tested him’ (Psalm 105:19)

---

### Reflection

It wasn’t as easy as it seemed for Joseph (of the Old Testament) to have acquired the fulfilment of God’s promise in his life. The Word of God made known to him his life’s purpose through dreams, which was different from the rest of his kinsfolk. The genuineness of his character led him to share these dreams with his family, but all the more he was put to the test and had to suffer grief. Until the time destined (by God) for his take over, the Word of God tested him - of how trustworthy and forthright he was through the miserable situations that he had to encounter one after the other in life. Joseph’s story in the Bible was not an outlier, an unusual one that had occurred to him alone. We see a similar pattern in the lives of Moses, David and many of God’s anointed ones, who had to bear tremendous humiliation, challenges and knock-backs before they were elevated to their esteemed positions. You and I are called to persevere, be persistent in our prayer and supplications before the Almighty, regardless of the kind of tribulations we may have to endure in life. The Spirit of God reminds us that when the Lord intends to entrust you with a higher task; He tests your trustworthiness and stewardship qualities, more than your skills. It is when you have passed your test that you are ordained for the greater tasks. May you be encouraged to pray and persevere through times of trial, to obtain what the Lord has kept in store for you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
