---
title: "‘For if we have been united"
date: "2024-05-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For if we have been united with Him in a death like His, we will certainly also be united with Him in a resurrection like His’ (Romans 6:5)

---

### Reflection

There can be no greater goal in one’s life than to be like Jesus, to transform into His likeness in the course of our short-lived span on earth. His Spirit nurtures us – our selfish old beings into the new creation, the masterpiece we have been called to embrace. This training is life-long, pivoted on the realization of God’s master plan for creation. Each one is however drilled according to his uniqueness, individual roles, responsibilities, and characteristic traits meaning on a case-to-case basis, with no one suit fits all. The multifaceted experiences one may be let through in life can be exciting and rejuvenating, but not without disappointments, rejections, criticisms and setbacks. To be united with Jesus in a death like His is to endure persecution, solitariness and doubts as He did on the Cross. And God promises us that as Christ was raised and glorified after the excruciating death, we who follow closely with Him are sure to receive our reward for all the sufferings in life, provided we have surrendered ourselves to His grace and committed to sin no more. What Jesus asks of you is a sincere desire and commitment to live His way and truth, to reconcile with God and not to the passions of this world. Even though we may be weak, in Him is our strength, it is He who establishes us firm for His Kingdom; so let us rely no more on our human instincts and thoughts, trusting in Him always and in His Word. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
