---
title: "‘What no eye has seen, what"
date: "2024-04-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘What no eye has seen, what no ear has heard, and what no human mind has conceived, the things God has prepared for those who love Him’ (1 Corinthians 2:9)

---

### Reflection

It is the Holy Spirit given to us in Baptism that enlightens our Spirit to understand Who God is and What He does for us every moment in life. Each one of us is unique and endearing in the eyes of God. And therefore, whenever we ask the Father in Jesus’ name, according to His Will, our wishes would surely be granted. The Holy Spirit reminds us to delight in the Lord, in His presence, in His Mighty name (Psalm 37:4) that our intentions and prayers may be answered; to worthily approach His Throne of Mercy for grace (Hebrews 4:16) in times of need. This understanding is what the Bible terms as ‘Wisdom’. Wisdom is a Divine gift bestowed upon all who ask of it to the Father, trusting in God’s greatness and admitting of one’s unworthiness. King Solomon once asked God for this gift; he not only was given wisdom but was also complemented with all needed gifts for a content life. So it would be for us who approach God with an unwavering heart that in Jesus we would be filled with all that would build us up. As it was prophesied by Isaiah, re-proclaimed by Paul to the Corinthians, ‘What no eye has seen, no ear has heard, no human mind conceived, all these things would be given to the one who loves God’. Believe and it would be yours. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
