---
title: "‘the faith and love that spring"
date: "2024-07-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘the faith and love that spring from the hope stored up for you in Heaven and about which you have already heard in the true message of the Gospel that has come to you….is bearing fruit and growing…. since the day you heard it and truly understood God’s grace’ (Colossians 1:5,6)

---

### Reflection

The Holy Spirit teaches us today through St Paul, of what perpetuates growth in the theological virtues in our lives. The ‘Word of God’ and the understanding of ‘God’s power’ are what sets the stage for the seeds of theological counsels to sprout in our hearts and to bear fruit. The Disciples of Jesus (You and me included) are commissioned to spread the Gospel because of this immense power that would work in the hearts of men. Even with the fullness of human intellect, wit and wisdom, none of us would be able to trigger as small a change that would better the world, (not even our worlds). Time and again, we have accepted our frailties and flaws as human beings; And through all these situations in life, the Lord was teaching us to trust in Him, His unfailing love for us and what he could do for us. We have erred not because we were illiterate or irrational, but because we failed to understand the power of God and His Word in our lives. Our fruitfulness has been unsatisfactory at times, not because we weren’t ardent or sincere, but because we merely leaned on our own abilities and limitations. Here the Colossian believers set a beautiful example of faith, a faith inspired by love at work. The Spirit of Jesus challenges us to a standard as this today; to test whether we have been witnesses to the Gospel, by leading lives pleasing to the Lord. To bear fruits of love, joy, and peace, You have been called today; let us offer ourselves to Jesus, to be taught what pleases Him the most. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
