---
title: "‘Then you will be like a"
date: "2024-10-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then you will be like a Son of the Most High, and He will love you more than does your mother’ (Sirach 4:10)

---

### Reflection

The Word of God advises us to endear ourselves to the poor and needy. Not just in the literal meaning of being poor and needy, but in its profundity, are we called to be like the Lord. One would make himself tenable to receive God’s graciousness and mercy, only when he is able to render respect and generosity to his fellow-beings. As human beings who live by human standards of an ever-evolving world, we tend to be led by ‘Utilitarianism’ – To us, those who have been able to make a mark, or those who have proven track records in terms of material possessions, influence and so on., are regarded high of and to be commended. But what about those who suffer, who have failed to ring the success bell, those who have been weak, have toiled relentlessly behind the curtains for the growth of many, those swept to the margins for no voice of their own, victimised or abandoned,……….Do they ever get recognized in an aggressive swift-paced society of ours? Are their dreams, beliefs or opinions ever regarded worth? These are the poor, the needy, the widowed, the distressed, the hungry and the oppressed. It is to these that Wisdom teaches her children to be merciful, to be tender, to be ‘a father to orphans’ and a ‘husband to their mother’. And this is what makes us Christ-like, the beloved of the Most High, to be blessed, loved, and tendered by Him. Not the so-called ‘deeds’ of charity, we proclaim as having done before the crowds, our generosity for which we have received recognition from people around. But to be the smile for the one who knew not how to smile. He will become the garden tended by the Most High. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
