---
title: "‘Salt is good, but if the"
date: "2024-08-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Salt is good, but if the salt has lost its saltiness, how will you make it salty again? Have salt in yourselves and be at peace with one another’ (Mark 9:50)

---

### Reflection

Saltiness has been interpreted as goodness, virtue, the positivity in relationships that keep people committed to their purpose in life. It can at times be interpreted to mean the sense of ‘pride’, ‘dignity of self’ that ultimately drives one ahead in his journey for contentment in life. Even for those living in abundance and extravagance (material possessions), Contentment may seem dubious or rather illogical; as they would never be able to reckon with (accept) an adverse situation of crisis and dearth. Each one of us is unique; our needs vary, and even the comfort zones we leave for ourselves may seem strange for another to understand. It is when our emotional boundaries get encroached upon by another that we find ourselves deprived of peace within. This saltiness (sense of contentment) can never be restored from things external; nor is the self ‘in itself’ efficacious to replenish its lost content. It is when the Hands of the Creator intervene in our lives, that saltiness in its right proportions is restored to our beings. How will you and I make for the lost saltiness in ourselves? By being recharged from above – Let us pray for the grace of contentment, of being the light for ourselves while also showing the light to another. Lead Kindly Light and let my inner being be kindled with your fire! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
