---
title: "‘How can one enter a strong"
date: "2024-04-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘How can one enter a strong man’s house and carry off his possessions unless he first binds the strong man? Then he can plunder his house’ (Matthew 12:29)

---

### Reflection

You and I could be this strong man; the plunderer the evil one. We are strong because God’s Word dwells in us and we are aware of His presence in us. What the evil plunders from us are the virtues of a lifetime – love, compassion, humility, generosity, chastity, patience, temperance and diligence. It’s not that knowingly one gives in to be confiscated of these virtues, but unknowingly. Gradually he infiltrates into the heart of this one, by which his God-given faculties are bound and enslaved by the evil one. Now how this evil one, the one who doesn’t gather with the Lord (Matthew 12:30) intrudes into the innermost being of the strong man is through 3 ways – lust of the flesh, pride of the eyes, and the pride of life. As soon as he gains entry into the otherwise strong person, he destroys, devastates and plunders as he wills. Now, how do we regain all that is lost? By empowering ourselves with the Spirit of Jesus, who gathers with Jesus. With the Holy Spirit, You and I are restored to our original state of power, of freedom of unity with God and man. He, the Holy Spirit is stronger, attacks the evil, takes away his armour and divides his spoil, thereby releasing the victim with strength, vigour and enthusiasm to fervently serve in God’s kingdom. Let us pray for being anointed with power from above, the Holy Spirit. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
