---
title: "‘Answer me, O Lord, for your"
date: "2024-05-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Answer me, O Lord, for your steadfast love is good; according to your abundant mercy, turn to me’ (Psalm 69:16)

---

### Reflection

To raise our complaints, the agony/pain in our hearts to the Almighty would be the most appropriate prayer for comfort and consolation. While many may doubt if we could ever voice our discontent before God, the Bible is replete with instances of prophets, Kings, and Godly ones raising their supplications, anguish and distress before God. Some of these were offered to the Lord as a plea for grace and power from the Lord (David, Isaiah and Jeremiah’s prayers), while others were the outpouring of the negative emotions that plagued the well-being of one’s mind, body and soul (as Job prayed from the depths of his afflictions). Whenever these prayers were offered to the Most High, there was always an answer from Him, irrespective of the worthiness of the one who prayed. We have a God, filled with compassion, with His steadfast love hovering above us who is concerned and always cares for our well-being. He knows every step in our life, the destiny we are moving towards and what it takes to transform us as doers of His Will. We must be convinced that there have been no coincidences or occurrences of mere chance in life. These were but the invisible works of the Lord drawing us closer to His plan and towards our purpose in life. So let us with confidence approach our loving Lord, pleading mercy, seeking His interference in our lives for deliverance, counsel and support. Answer me, O Lord, when I call upon your name, Your name and presence is my strength,refuge and comfort for a lifetime, no matter what. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
