---
title: "‘Preach the Word, be ready in"
date: "2024-11-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Preach the Word, be ready in season and out of season; reprove, rebuke, and exhort, with complete patience and teaching’ (2 Timothy 4:2)

---

### Reflection

Our fundamental duty as a believer (in Christ) is to make Christ and His love known to the world. Paul exhorted Timothy, his beloved disciple to diligently pursue His Divine ministry. There would be those times, when we would feel discouraged, when it may seem that our prayers have been unanswered for long, that life’s debilitating crisis and difficulties may seem to be strangulating our enthusiasm, when our words may be as though falling into deaf ears, whatever be……Timothy was told to keep reproving wrongs, rebuking and rectifying faults, enduring suffering, and to continue in His task of teaching/guiding the flock of God entrusted to him in faithfulness and sober-mindedness. The truth may be evaded by men, but for how long? What is definite and perfect can never be watered or diluted for convenience however – Sound principles, Divine precepts, doctrines, morals and living in accordance to the Divine Law can never be refuted, checked or diminished by human laws or technical upgradations. This is what we mean when we speak about the ‘value’ system grounded in faith, which endures time, generation gap and space. Let us look into our flocks, those entrusted to our care – in our families, societies, communities, parishes and institutions – let nothing defined by the Lord – His laws, precepts and commandments be violated for the sake of human aggrandizement, human laws, technology or the era we live in. You and I are called to preach the Word – in season and out, to reprove, rebuke, exhort with complete patience, till the Lord and His Kingdom is established in our midst. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
