---
title: "‘We pray very hard night and"
date: "2024-06-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘We pray very hard night and day that we may see you again so that we can supply whatever you still need for your faith’ (1 Thessalonians 3:10)

---

### Reflection

Today’s Word from the Lord imprints in our minds the two most essential elements that are decisive in Christian living. The need for ‘watchfulness’ by which our faith is affirmed and the need for ‘constant prayer.’ St Paul feared that his efforts in evangelizing the Thessalonians would go in vain because he could not remain with them for long; he was afflicted by several hindrances, persecutions, and sufferings (personally) that deterred him from revisiting the Thessalonians. What distressed him more was whether these people would be hard pressed to let go of faith, due to the numerous temptations from the tempter. For this, he prayed day and night, that these people may be strengthened in their faith to continue to live according to their call in Christ Jesus. They needed to be reminded of their specific call first of all and be duly supplied with encouragement to discipline themselves per the tenets of the Gospel preached to them. Paul’s sincere love for the people of God forced him to send his coworker Timothy to the Thessalonians, to support them. Timothy’s report about the Thessalonians was comforting and delightful to Paul. Paul attributes this fervence and zeal in the Thessalonians to his unceasing prayers for them. This revelation of Paul is a life-lesson for You and me. The kind of problems, challenges, and temptations that our current era, the society at large; our culture may impose upon us may be hazardous to faith, but Paul gives us the remedy to take on the crisis – the habit of prayer, that empowers one to defeat all strongholds, progress in faith and in one’s specific call. May the Spirit of Jesus inspire our hearts to pray, converse with the Lord, seek His support on daily challenges, to move ahead in life with a firm resolve. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
