---
title: "‘Thanks be to God for His"
date: "2024-05-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Thanks be to God for His indescribable gift’ (2 Corinthians 9:15)

---

### Reflection

For the unsurpassable gift of Jesus in our lives, let us join St Paul to thank God. Grace as we refer to each day is the ‘Power of God’ that supplies all our needs. He enriches us in every way that we reciprocate the generosity of God to those who are in deprivations – physical, emotional and spiritual. God loves a generous giver because he has proven himself as ‘one’ upholding the image and likeness of God. It becomes a reparation for the ingratitude, sacrileges and transgressions that men unknowingly do towards their fellow beings and God. What thus proves righteous before God is our belief in Jesus Christ; in the Sacraments (He has established for His Church – You and me) and in devoting ourselves as humble vessels to receive this grace that enriches one’s living. Into the Holy of Holies, Jesus leads us to be one with the Trinity, to be His Chosen Ones. Every time You and I approach God, with Jesus and through His Sacrifice reenacted on our behalf, we are blessed and elevated as Sons and daughters of the Most High. How can we not thank God for this indescribable gift on this day of the Feast of the Holy Eucharist? Lord Jesus, may all our deeds and words today be a gratuitous offering to you; that our lives progress as living Gospels to your praise and goodwill of mankind! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
