---
title: "'For in Him all things in"
date: "2024-12-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> 'For in Him all things in Heaven and on earth were created, things visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers of powers, all things have been created through Him and for Him' (Colossians 1:16)

---

### Reflection

Each new day is yet another opportunity to enrich ourselves with more spiritual wisdom and understanding, that would equip ourselves to be filled with the knowledge of God's will. Our motive of living this day is fulfilling God's plan for us in perfect surrender. Therefore what we are today and where we are, are not mere coincidences, but the unraveling of the definite purpose of the Lord for our specific lives. We were created for unique good works to be completed through the journey of life. As each runner in a race follows his distinct track, so do each one of us pace ahead towards our goal - Eternity. Irrespective of where we stand or what we do, the shortest and most compatible route for our race would be the track our Creator has destined and positioned us on. From our view point, other runners may seem suitably positioned, but that doesn't impact our course nor is our destiny assured if we take recourse to their tracks. So often we forget this fact and keep harping about the hardships on our track, failing to seek help from the One who has power to strengthen, sustain and establish us. Let us therefore be thankful to the Lord for what we are today, seeking strength, endurance and encouragement to move on, with an undivided focus on Him.....that we may complete our course in faithfulness and love, to meet our Creator. Fill us Jesus with the fuel of your Spirit this day as ever. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
