---
title: "‘So is the one who lays"
date: "2024-05-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So is the one who lays up treasure for himself and is not rich toward God’ (Luke 12:21)

---

### Reflection

It is to lay up treasure for oneself bodily and in the Spirit, that You and I have been privileged with life on earth. The way of the world teaches us to accumulate possessions that purport richness here on earth. But God’s Word enlightens us to understand that ‘man does not live by bread alone.’ One’s life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions, so we have been asked to guard ourselves from covetousness. The question that may arise is how does one become rich towards God? the very question to which hardly a few have answers. Jesus tells us that the moment we feel the urge to be filled in our Spirit/soul, we are blessed. Blessed are the poor in Spirit for theirs is the Kingdom of God. It is when we accept the depravities of our Inner Being, when we begin to implore God to fill us with needed strength and when we make concerted efforts towards receiving grace that we become ‘rich in the soul’ or rich towards God. The moment pride takes over, self-sufficiency rules the roost, when we begin to rely on our intellect and understanding, we have limited our potential to expand towards God in richness. It is then that we become like this ‘rich fool’ who failed to experience poverty in him beyond his earthly possessions. Let us examine ourselves in the light of this Word from God, and desire to enrich ourselves both in body and soul. If God is for us, no bodily deprivation can overcome us. Lord Jesus, we believe that by the poverty you undertook on our behalf unto the cross, we have inherited the prosperity of yours and the glory of Your kingdom. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
