---
title: "' After this I will return"
date: "2024-05-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ' After this I will return and I will rebuild the dwelling of David which has fallen; from its ruins, I will rebuild it and I will set it up' (Acts 15:16)

---

### Reflection

To understand the context of God's amazing promise to His people, given to us today, we must rewind to the times of the Babylonian exile. To the Judean inhabitants, never had they imagined of having had to succumb to defeat by a foreign power, considering the many instances prior when the City of Jerusalem was miraculously rescued through God's Providence. While trying to make sense of this unbelievable plight of theirs, God sends prophet Jeremiah to reveal to them the magnificent plan He works out for them under the cover of defeat and slavery. The dwelling of David would be restored to its prior glory. All that the people needed to do was to trust in God's works for them, to accept their present humiliation, to be subservient to the Babylonian King and to wait in hope for God's marvellous wonder works yet to be unveiled for them though in exile. Even with all our understanding, intellect and discernment of today, we might be struggling to make peace with situations at hand at times in life. But these are testing times for us, just as Jeremiah the prophet explained to the people who were shattered, that they were to merely trust in God's mighty Hands and His gracious deeds to be fulfilled in the desolate moments of life's journey. So be it to us, the  message of hope from the Most High, the choice is ours to believe and receive from above. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
