---
title: "‘Dear friends, now we are children"
date: "2024-11-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Dear friends, now we are children of God, and what we will be has not yet been made known. But we know that when Christ appears, we shall be like Him, for we shall see Him as He is. All who have this hope in Him purify themselves, just as He is pure’ (1 John 3:2-3)

---

### Reflection

You and I are a miracle – for the Bible says that what we will be has not yet been made known. Jesus sees us, as we are to be (not as we are now or what we were yesterday) and calls us to purify ourselves each day to resemble our ‘To be’ person. And St Paul rightly explained this mystery when he said, ‘Not that I have already attained my target, but I strive each day to approach it’. Are we aware of this great target fixed by our loving Father towards which we have been destined on earth to grow into? At times we tend to forget this purpose for which we have been created in Jesus Christ before the foundations of this world. Distractions of wealth, luxury, power, authority or many other things of this passing world weaken the desire in us to blossom towards the ultimate. There are times we have become disheartened understanding that somewhere we have halted and stunted in our growth. Here we have the array of thousands of saints who lived like us, before us and victoriously claimed their targets, to be rewarded by the Lord in their Eternal Homes. These kindly look over us, willingly interceding for us and encouraging us to keep moving up from where we have halted. Let us seek their intercession, that the incense of their pleasing lives and prayers may open blessings from the Heavens, and we may be empowered to live as ‘children’ of God. Always remember, what we will be is yet to be made known, but we strive hard to achieve what we have been created with love for by the Father of Lights. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
