---
title: "You have been the helper of"
date: "2024-06-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> you have been the helper of the fatherless. (Psalm 10:14)

---

### Reflection

But you do see, for you note mischief and vexation,
    that you may take it into your hands;
to you the helpless commits himself;


Contrary to the assumptions of men, that intellect and might would always prevail, God’s Word today reminds us that every act of man is subject to scrutiny by God. He notes the oppressor and his wrongs, and the vexation of helplessness reaches His ears. God is the helper of the orphaned. Whenever men abstain from fulfilling their responsibilities, the Lord steps in for the victim. More than what men would do, the favour of the Lord fulfills and upholds. If ever You and I have felt dejected by the ways of men, we are called to offer our supplications to the Lord, who waits to generously provide. The psalmist David who experienced disparity at home, at the hands of King Saul who was on the lookout to kill him, knew what it meant to offer oneself to the Lord. That the Lord would give victory to His anointed, no matter how numerous were his adversaries and however mightier they seemed to be. We have a God who understands us so personally, who desires our victory and who has rewritten all those records of indebtedness that stood against us on His Cross. Through the Cross of Jesus, we have been redeemed, set apart for greater works that God intents to be fulfilled through us. Let us, therefore, strive to be led always by the Spirit of Christ, to be doers of the Word and not the ways of men. Wishing you a blessed Sunday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
