---
title: "‘Look to yourselves, that we lose"
date: "2024-11-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Look to yourselves, that we lose not those things which we have worked for, but that we receive a full reward’ (2 John 4:8)

---

### Reflection

Watchfulness is what the Holy Spirit asks of us each day – to be mindful of the gifts we have been blessed with. What God has entrusted to us is the treasure in clay jars. It is our prerogative to protect, preserve, judiciously use, and multiply our talents and gifts. To guard and defend one’s possessions from being unlawfully encroached upon is one’s basic right. He may have to observe a safe distance, set up boundaries around his things, prevent unwanted intrusions, and do all in his care to ensure his possessions are safe. The same logic applies to matters of the ethereal world – faith. Faith must be guarded, nurtured, and encouraged through frequent listening to God’s Word. What we have obtained by way of baptism is the gift of faith, the privilege of being born again in God’s kingdom, to be built up by His Spirit, and to be nurtured to bring forth the harvest of a hundred-fold. To be filled with the weeds of this world is so natural – the weeds of jealousy, greed, self-righteousness, pride, etc. tend to intrude and interfere with our growth. Each day is a striving for growth, and there is only this ‘narrow way’ to be freed from all that obstructs and disrupts our progress. To look on to Jesus, to walk in His way and obey His commandments – that will lead us to the Light. His way and commandment is to love; even if we may be failing to keep on this track following the Lord, He turns back with a heart of love, willing to help us make it through. What He seeks in us is our determination to move on, to be watchful of what we have obtained from Him and be eager to persevere to receive our full reward. Never give up, there’s always a reason to be hopeful and for a comeback in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
