---
title: "‘We groan while we are in"
date: "2024-10-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘We groan while we are in this tent, burdened as we are, because we do not want to be unclothed but clothed, so that mortality may be swallowed up by life’ (2Corinthians 5:4)

---

### Reflection

If there is this vacuum in us, a burden we carry inexplainable to others, that we ourselves are unable to satiate, God’s Word encourages us to take heart. St Paul explains that this groaning is not merely in us, but one experienced by the entire Creation, who wait in eager expectation for liberation and freedom of the Children of God. And this has been fulfilled through the Incarnation of Jesus. That through His Sacrifice on the Cross, mortality and death have been destroyed. The Creation has been renewed and reclothed with life. What was set for decay and corruption has been reclaimed to its preternatural glory, as destined by the Father in the beginning. And so with us men, who believe in the mysteries of Christ’s death and resurrection, we partake unknowingly in this process of redemption. Though our outer beings may be weary and weak, yet, to fulfill this ultimate purpose, our inner-beings are in constant striving inspired by the Spirit of God. For our bodies were fashioned for this purpose, to be led by the power of the inner person. And unless we draw near to where our hearts moved by God’s Spirit leads us, we would never find the content or delight of living. You and I have been called to adorn life into our mortal spirits by putting on the mind of Jesus Christ. He was humble, content and submissive to the will of His Father and always empowered to action by the Spirit of God. Let us humbly seek God to know His will for us, submit ourselves to be tamed by His will and live the purpose we have been gloriously created for on earth. Thanks be to the Lord Jesus for this indescribable gift of understanding. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
