---
title: "‘Since you have kept my command"
date: "2024-12-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Since you have kept my command to endure patiently, I will also keep you from the hour of trial that is going to come on the whole world to test the inhabitants of the earth’ (Revelations 3:10)

---

### Reflection

Have there ever been those sorts of trials that have swamped your revival hopes in life? Swaying you from ‘faith’ - believing that You are still loved by the Lord? That you still stand a chance for outgrowing into the better version from the ashes of today? If life has taken you through the hardest realities ever, then you could compare yourself with the believers in the Church of Philadelphia. The Lord promises to them that whoever has endured patiently in their earthly living, holding fast to the Word of God and living by its tenets, will be declared a winner on the Day of the Lord’s judgment. This great hour of trial which is expected during the Second coming of our Lord awaits all human beings on earth. All will have to make an account of his lifetime (his words, deeds and thoughts) that very hour before the Throne of Justice and will receive his righteous reward. But here too, the merciful Lord exempts a category of men, stating that they would not have to face this hour of trial. And these are the ones who have been tested and refined in their earthly life through the fire, just like silver is refined and gold is tested. As the crucible for silver and furnace for gold, the hearts of these were tested by the Lord through untold sufferings, humiliations, and pains. And whoever overcomes these by holding on to the name of the Lord and seeking His mercy, will not just be sanctified and justified, but also set apart as contenders for the Heavenly reward. Therefore, whenever you encounter fiery trials in life, do not be discouraged or disheartened, embolden yourself in Jesus and in His unfailing love. He will cause you to triumph before all who looked down upon your life and then would be the count down on your next best innings ahead. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
