---
title: "‘The one who escapes from the"
date: "2024-05-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The one who escapes from the sword of Hazael shall Jehu put to death, and the one who escapes from the sword of Jehu shall Elisha put to death’ (1 Kings 19:17)

---

### Reflection

Most extraordinarily, God reveals to Elijah (the prophet) His plan to bring back His people from their present state of wretchedness and Idolatry. The restoration of justice and righteousness among the people will occur over time through the varied experiences of tumult, resurgence and uncertainty that would be permitted in their lives. Elijah was to anoint these three persons as instruments of God’s works to be performed in due time. While Hazael was anointed as the King of Syria, Jehu would take over Israel from the hands of Ahab, the corrupt Idolatrous King. Elisha would succeed Elijah in his ministry of leading and teaching God’s people as their prophet. On the whole, these three had a predestined and individually distinct role to play in fulfilling God’s will and plan for the future. As we read through the Books of Kings we see how things take a turn, when Ahab and his family (who were unfaithful to God and the people) were wiped out in a series of wars. Ben Hadad, Ahab’s counterpart in Syria is killed by Hazael who takes over the reins of the empire shortly. And the people are revived into the worship of Yahweh through Elishah’s fiery miracles and signs worked by God for His people. You and I are likewise vested with destined and defined responsibilities to be performed without fail to ensure that His master plan for all mankind is fulfilled through us. If not us, God does have a way of securing things in place undoubtedly, but what about us, who would have then lost a grand opportunity as His prophets and ambassadors in history to make a mark? Let us ask the Lord for the grace to make use of every opportunity, every rare situation as these come knocking at our doors, waiting for us to act upon them. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
