---
title: "‘The Lord is your keeper; the"
date: "2024-05-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord is your keeper; the Lord is your shade on your right hand’ (Psalm 121:5)

---

### Reflection

The door for His Sheep, the Lord is, as He introduced Himself to the Pharisees and the crowds (John 10:7) - That Door which leads one to his destiny – Eternity. The One who holds the Keys of David, who opens that none would be able to shut and If He shuts none would be able to open (Rev 3:7) This is our Lord Jesus and His steadfast love towards us reminds us that however unworthy You and I are because of our sin and iniquities, He waits at the door of our hearts to embrace and restore us. Jesus is our keeper, the Shepherd of His flock who seeks after them, those who have lost their way, those wounded and those in need of strength, His hands comfort them. Having understood the mystery of Jesus in his life, about the perfect patience through mercy and forgiveness that recreated Peter from Simon, St Peter offers himself an example to all who believe in Jesus Christ. All who trust in Jesus would be judged faithful and chosen as instruments for God’s great works on earth. Therefore with St Paul let us accept and proclaim that none can separate us from the love of the Lord – neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height or depth, nor anything else in all creation. With the Lord at our right hand, we are more than conquerors over all that inhibits and disturbs a peaceful existence on earth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
