---
title: "‘Return O my soul to your"
date: "2024-08-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Return O my soul to your rest; for the Lord has dealt bountifully with you’ (Psalm 116:7)

---

### Reflection

Our souls obtain peace only when we learn to surrender ourselves before the greatness of God. The works of the Lord are mighty, beyond human comprehension and expectation at times. It is when the eyes of our hearts are opened to grasp the hidden mysteries, the very many deeds the Lord has done for us, the most subtle of them often ignored in daily living that one acquires an inquisitiveness to know about God and to love Him more. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of all wisdom. The Wisdom that equips us to live joyfully, to count our blessings, to be thankful and to be supportive to another person who may be reeling with a similar kind of problem in life (that which we have successfully overcome with the Lord’s presence). David, the Psalmist and King of Israel, gratefully remembers the Lord’s deeds towards Him, how his soul was delivered from the brink of death, how God wiped the tears that filled his eyes, how his feet were kept from stumbling headlong. From all these experiences he went through in life, David concluded that the Lord is merciful, righteous and the one who preserves the innocent of heart. Therefore, He deserved to be loved, to be worshipped and thanked before all men. The same must be our resolve for this day – that I live to love, serve and worship the Lord. Let my life be a testament to all mankind of the marvelous deeds the Lord has done in my life, everything that I have gone through to get me to where I am today. Glory to Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
