---
title: "‘When you have lifted up the"
date: "2024-12-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When you have lifted up the Son of Man, then you will know that ‘I am He’, and that I do nothing on my own authority, but speak just as the Father taught me’ (John 8:28)

---

### Reflection

How many have been those times when we have accused God as responsible for the trials and difficulties in our lives? The justice and righteousness of God (is/was) not merely above board but overboard, unparalleled, that which was proven by the sacrifice of His Son Jesus (who paid the price for our reckless living and sinfulness) on the Cross. Thus there is healing, deliverance, redemption and Salvation in Him alone, who was the I am, the first and the Last (Isaiah 48:12), the One who walked on the waters, who healed the sick, lame and blind, who restored life to the dead Lazarus – He is Jesus, our Lord, God and Master. Just as the Old Israel was healed and restored by looking onto the bronze serpent that God raised for them through Moses, so would be our plight the New Israel – who would need to exalt Jesus as Lord in our lives. Exalting Jesus would mean equating our lives with His precept of love. That our actions, deeds and words would emanate the will of Jesus, and the mercy of God, our Father, nothing else. What more can we offer than this as a pleasant gift to the Lord. As we wait in hope for the coming of this grand Christmas, a threshold to the Silver Jubilee of 2000 years of our Lord’s coming, there’s more to pray, to forgive, and to celebrate the abundance of life. May Jesus be lifted up in our hearts, minds and our midst. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
