---
title: "‘Having the eyes of your hearts"
date: "2024-11-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Having the eyes of your hearts enlightened, you may know what is the hope to which He has called you, what are the riches of His glorious inheritance in the saints, and what is the immeasurable greatness of His power towards us who believe, according to the working of His great might that He worked in Christ…….’ (Ephesians 1:18-20)

---

### Reflection

Today the Good Lord desires that you and I may garner an augmented understanding of the gifts that we are being enriched with each day. To all who believe in Jesus Christ, in His saving power over sin, sickness, and the Evil one, to them is given an immeasurable great power. It is this same power that worked in the resurrection of Jesus from His grave, His elevation to be seated at the right hand of The Father in Heaven, and His overarching authority over all created in Heaven and Earth. By this, we have become privileged to partake in a glorious inheritance, with the community of the Saints, to live lives adorable to God and men. Because of this power, we have been gifted to do the supernatural, the things we were not sure about fulfilling with our meager strengths, to build and enrich the Body of Christ, to endure when resistances rule the roost in life, to conquer everything with the ‘love’ of Jesus Christ. When God’s Spirit opens the eyes of our hearts to perceive, to discern, and to cognize what in truth we have been called for, we imbibe the characteristics of Christ – faithfulness, peace, and compassion towards all. Towards Him and like Him, the Head of the Church, we grow, and this is our incessant call each day. Lord Jesus, help us to outgrow ourselves to become You. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
