---
title: "‘Not that I have already obtained"
date: "2024-10-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Not that I have already obtained this or am already perfect, but I press on to make it my own, because Christ Jesus has made me his own’ (Phil 3:12)

---

### Reflection

What is it that persuaded Paul to keep striving hard towards his goal? And what exactly was this goal? Here is where the Spirit of the Lord leads us to, initiate a reorientation in our lives. Paul was concerned only with pleasing Jesus. His eyes were focused on the righteousness that came from the Lord, that which would be conferred on all who believed in Jesus (in the outstanding merits that Jesus acquired for all through His Sacrifice of self). Thus he (Paul) was never occupied with the things of his past, nor overwhelmed by the grace that markedly distinguished him (setting him apart as an Apostle for the Gentiles) as of the present. But giving glory to the Lord, he strived hard to know more and more about the Lord, about his power of resurrection, of the privilege of sharing in his sufferings, that one day he too would qualify eligible to be crowned in the resurrection. Therefore despite all the surpassing revelations given to him of the Heavenly mysteries, he was unmarred, not distracted from his goal of Jesus Christ and Him alone. For this ‘reason’, all things were as ‘thrash’ to him – because the Lord Jesus has made him His own. You and I have been likewise possessed by the Lord through His Cross, through His Sacrifice- made coheirs to an unmatched grace and righteousness that comes from the merits of Jesus. But where are our eyes fixed upon – the things of beauty around or on the One who has the power to recreate/transform from nothingness. Let us ask the Lord for this grace to open our hearts to perceive what really matters to us. For Unless the Lord builds our house, our labours would all go in vain. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
