---
title: "‘Accept one another then, just as"
date: "2024-09-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Accept one another then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to bring praise to God’ (Romans 15:7)

---

### Reflection

Jesus accepts us as we are, He sees in us ‘the masterpiece’ that which was intended through us when we were created in the heart of God, even before the foundations of the world. This may be way different from what we are today, or how we have ever attempted to live to this day. But, so that the Father’s will for our salvation may be accomplished, though we were in sinfulness and shame, He chose us, instilled the light of His message (The Gospel) in us, and redeemed us. For all that HE has done for us, we have nothing in reciprocation to give; but our lives can transform into streams of mercy for those who are in dire need. It is not in material giving that we can express the mercy of Jesus through our lives, but in a Spirit of love, in prayer, in thanksgiving, in forgiving and bearing with the failing of the other. ‘Forgiving another’ would not imply condoning the wrong of the other or justifying sinful conduct, it points to a whole set of different actions - giving him/her a second chance to repent, rectify /remedy the wrongs committed wilfully or unknowingly. This was how the Lord corrected his own disciples, and is how he disciplines You and me to take on our destined path in life. You and I are called to carry His traits of love, compassion and mercy, to accept one another so that seeing the Light in us, the Heavenly Father may be acclaimed and honored. Lord, help us to imitate your way, follow after your truth and receive abundance of life, from here on. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
