---
title: "‘Love bears all things, believes all"
date: "2024-11-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things’ (1 Corinthians 13:7)

---

### Reflection

Humanity was smitten so hard a blow by sin, that it not only left its imprints/scar on our preternatural glory, but also deprived us of our innate peace, foresight, and perfection. We were created in the image and likeness of God, to serve, keep, and preserve the fabric of creation in its harmony and fruitful relationship with God. But somewhere we lost the sense of ‘truth’ – in our perceptions, our beliefs, and in our reasoning. Thus though we persevered tirelessly to uphold our faith in the Lord, increase our understanding and knowledge of the Lord, and trust in His wonder works for us (through our works of faith, our religious rigour, and practices), we were able to see only in part, a reflection through a dim mirror. Today the Spirit of Jesus helps us to understand why we were not able to know in full, to understand in its entirety, and to endure through hardships to reap a hundred-fold – Because we were failing in our instinct to love. To love would mean to resemble God (love unconditionally), to fulfill our purpose of creation – to protect the other (always), to trust in God’s purpose for the other, to hope that the best is yet to follow. And it is here that our inner beings become strengthened to endure all things. Even when faith in us wavers, when the hope in us becomes as dim as a flickering lamp, this ‘love’ would prevail and help us conquer the darkest days of life. Yes, despite all things, we become ‘overwhelming conquerors’ because of Jesus who loved us and gave up His life for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
