---
title: "‘For because He himself has suffered"
date: "2024-12-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For because He himself has suffered when tempted, He is able to help those who are being tempted’ (Hebrews 2:18)

---

### Reflection

Jesus Christ being in very nature, God, abandoned the glory and advantage of Godliness and assumed the form of man. This He did (taking the resemblance of man, and not of angels) to make propitiation for the sins of mankind. In all aspects (except for sinfulness), He was to be like You and me, to be that merciful and faithful High Priest before the Father on our behalf. He took on death on His body, to break the power of the evil one – who held the power of death till then. It is thus mankind was reclaimed and freed from the shackles of suffering, sickness, curse, and death. To all those who suffer, those who are tempted, tested, and rattled by the evil one, He (Jesus) is the way (out), the truth (for good innings ahead), and life (life in abundance). Because he suffered like us, tempted to the last till the will of the Father was executed, He is able to sympathize with all who are likewise put to the test. Be aware, that the One whom we have put our trust in, is not a mere human being who cannot understand what we are going through. He doesn’t judge by what is seen outside, but looks into every heart, to pick the sincere, the true-hearted, the downtrodden, and the broken in spirit. As He says – It is these who need a physician (He), rather than any other. Let nothing of this world weigh us down from our faith in Jesus Christ. The Messiah, great King, Counsellor, the root of Jesse will stand as a banner for us all. Today, let us pray for the strengthening of the Theological virtue of faith given to us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
