---
title: "‘Answer me when I call, O"
date: "2024-10-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Answer me when I call, O God of my righteousness! You have given me relief when I was in distress. Be gracious to me and hear my prayer!’ (Psalm 4:1)

---

### Reflection

Have you ever felt choked because you were unable to vent out the indescribable emotions, thoughts and needs of your heart? The Holy spirit who knew that as human beings, you and I could occasionally get entangled in situations as this, where we would find none to lend a patient ear to us – gives us the consolance our hearts desired for all the while. It is the Lord who brings joy to our hearts, more than wine and grain in abundance can provide; From Him comes our deliverance from oppressors and plunderers; He holds close the righteous when they groan dispirited and distressed. He protects, upholds and blesses His righteous whenever they cry out for help. Surely His goodness and mercy will follow us all our days, as we acknowledge that the Lord is our shepherd! our fortress and rock! Therefore, whenever we feel abandoned, lonely and anxious in the wilderness of life, You and I are to pause, return and submit to the One who knows it all. For unlike men, who may rely on vain words and deceit, the Lord delights in the One who trusts in Him, who calls His intervention in their lives and He would fight for him to help him conquer the debacles that have disrupted his peace, and why? that he may realize and treasure his discipleship of being loved by the Lord and being with Him always; at all times. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
