---
title: "‘And He said to them. “What"
date: "2024-09-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And He said to them. “What do you want me to do for you?” (Mark 10:35-36)

---

### Reflection

Jesus had been going about the towns and cities of His country teaching the crowds about the Kingdom of God, explaining to them that He was the door through which these would be able to enter God’s Kingdom. He elaborated to all the basic tenets of the Law, giving them fullness in interpretation, of what it meant to be righteous, of being His followers, of how they were to be like children. However much he reminded his disciples of His impending passion, death, and resurrection which was the wellspring of grace flowing to all mankind, they were never convinced of a spiritual or esoteric Kingdom whose existence was beyond human intelligibility. But these ordinary men (disciples) knew that when they were with the Lord, He would grant them almost everything they asked Him for. Through Jesus, all the desires and dreams of their beings would be fulfilled, as He was the One who held the keys of the Kingdom of God. This is why they approach the Lord barefaced, asking Him to grant them their wish, which they thought defined their purpose of living. Jesus the fullness of Wisdom, read their hearts, even before they approached him, but He did not discourage or express displeasure on their request. On the contrary, He conceded to their request (the urge in them to do good), opening their hearts to comprehend ‘greater’ truths of His Kingdom. No matter how illogical and unrealistic our requests, supplications, and prayers before Jesus may seem -  to Him, these are untapped potential or greater heights He calls us to explore in our lives with Him. Never be discouraged in opening your heart before the Lord Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
