---
title: "‘And let us not grow weary"
date: "2024-07-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season we will reap if we do not give up’ (Galatians 6:9)

---

### Reflection

There are times in life when whatever we do would seem fruitless. Our words, however, sincere may seem ignored or even misunderstood by others, our labours burdensome and bouncing with no returns, even our prayers seem to have struck deaf ears and been unanswered by God for years. Negativity (having pursued us for years) does have the power to outwit our morale. It could impact every aspect of our living and thinking; confidence in ourselves, self-esteem, and the broadness of our outlook. More than all, it could invade through the Spiritual boundaries of one, turning him reckless towards God too. The apostle Paul is believed to have experienced the worst kind of persecutions – rejection from fellow Jews, physical assaults and punishment from authorities (for no wrong), having had to fight nature’s calamities, sleepless nights and endless toil through he was highly educated, conflicts within – anxiety about the Believers in Christ. With the Lord at hand, He was victorious in getting through all these that posed a severe toll on his well-being. He invites You and me today, to follow his example – not to be swayed by the things of this world, but to put on Christ and live a life pleasing to Him. We are sure to reap a great harvest, this is God’s promise for you today. Be strengthened in Jesus and do what He asks you to do. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
