---
title: "‘Daniel said, “You have remembered me,"
date: "2024-08-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Daniel said, “You have remembered me, O God, and have not forsaken those who love you” (Daniel 14:38)

---

### Reflection

We are in the arms of a loving God, who longs to be gracious to us. At times in life, we fail to lose sight of the invisible Hands of the Lord at work for us. This is when we easily give in to anger, frustration, and hopelessness, looking at our worlds and at the imperfections at hand. It may take a lifetime to understand the goodness of God; of the reason why the untoward was permitted in our lives or even to be thankful to Him. Daniel was specially graced to walk with God, to proclaim Him through his words and deeds as he served the Babylonian King. His integrity, wisdom, and wit which were outstanding endeared him to the rulers in Babylon. Nonetheless, he had to put up with hatred and professional jealousy of the courtiers who worked with him for the King. One such instance of him becoming a victim of circumstances (people plotting against him) was when he had killed the dragon that the Babylonians worshipped to prove to the King that it was merely a creature of imagination. Here even the King (who was Daniel’s companion) could do nothing to protect him, fearing unrest from his people. So Daniel found himself thrown into a den of lions, with absolutely no hopes for a comeback. God remembers him, not merely protects him from the ferocious beats, but also provides him food and drink by sending his prophet to him from a faraway land. Like Daniel who acknowledged God’s kindness and concern for him, let us also thank the Lord this day for all the blessings given in our lives, big and small, for the people who have shown us kindness, for the great protection we have experienced to this day. Thank you Jesus, Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
