---
title: "‘I have put my words in"
date: "2024-07-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I have put my words in your mouth and covered you with the shadow of my hand – I who set the Heavens in place, who laid the foundations of the earth, and who say to Zion, ‘You are my people’ (Isaiah 51:16)

---

### Reflection

The Almighty God, the One who created the Heavens and laid the foundations of the earth assures His people today of His presence with them. It was during the Babylonian exile of Judea when they felt all was lost and nothing could be done anymore to retrieve their pride, their heritage, their kingdom, riches, their glorious name “God’s people”, everywhere around were setbacks and humiliations. It was then that Isaiah was sent to proclaim this message of comfort to these people. God reminds His people of ‘Where’ they were to look to, when they were evaded of ‘hope’, when reproach and reviling from men overwhelmed their hearts. It was to the rock that was hewn for them from times Eternal – Jesus Christ. ‘Righteousness’ and ‘Salvation’, He would bring forth, that none can induce into our troubled hearts. His Word will be our comfort, hope for revival and strength for pursuit forward. And as we read His Words, our Inner Being will be assured of the shadowing presence of our Lord with us. We are a people so privileged, possessed and treasured by Jesus, that He gave up His life to reclaim us from the bondages of sin and evil. Abraham who was but one when called by this Great God was blessed, and multiplied into a Nation, because of his trust in the One who called Him. God’s people are given the example of Abraham, who looked forward to the City with foundations built, architected, and established by God, and to Him was fulfilled all the promises God made to Him. So to us, Hope can never disappoint us because it has been poured into our hearts through the love of Jesus, the Holy Spirit given us. After all the present ordeal You and I are destined to go through in life, there is this shore of peace and joy that the Lord promises to us, not far from now. Let us wait for the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
