---
title: "‘Jerusalem, be confident! The One who"
date: "2024-08-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Jerusalem, be confident! The One who named you will comfort you.’ (Baruch 4:30)

---

### Reflection

God reassured the Exiled Judeans that their time of redemption was at hand. It was not for their destruction that God permitted their suffering in a foreign land. It was their misdeeds that brought them the misfortune. To them was designated an interval for prayer, penance, and reparation – they were to patiently endure the trials under a foreign regime. This prophetic exhortation from Baruch, the assistant of Jeremiah, was a whirl of comfort to God’s people, who reeled under stress, guilt, hopelessness and distress. They believed in the words of the prophet, and received the deliverance that was promised to them. There was a glorious comeback for these people, because they accepted their shortcomings, mended their stubborn ways, and reposed confidence in the One who was powerful to recover them from the pit of desolation. At times when the roads we trod become rough, peace and joy may seem to have evaded us for long, God’s Word reminds us to keep patiently enduring the path with the Lord. We have a merciful God, who rejoices at our welfare, that He wouldn’t bear to see us suffer for long. In their desolateness, what the Israelites did, is what we are called to emulate – to Call upon the Lord for help. When only the Lord revives, are You and I strengthened, when He delivers there is perfect freedom in the mind and in Spirit. Let us therefore be confident in Jesus alone, letting go of the other strongholds that we have placed our trust to. He who has destined our purposes will never let us fail, however ‘bleak’ our chances for recovery may seem to the world at present. In the eyes of Jesus, You and I are honored and impeccably superb. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
