---
title: "‘Woe to them! They have taken"
date: "2024-11-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Woe to them! They have taken the way of Cain; they have rushed for profit into Balaam’s error; they have been destroyed in Korah’s rebellion’ (Jude 1:11)

---

### Reflection

You and I know well the sin of Cain, that emerged from ‘jealousy’; the ‘lure for wealth and greater gains’ that coerced Balaam to speak against the Israelites as commanded to him by Balak the pagan King; the ‘arrogance and self-pride’ that prompted Korah to rebel against God- man Moses. It is so easy to slip into the sins that these had fallen prey to, because we too live in a world of imperfections, where slander, gossip, and fallacies reign the roost. God’s Word reminds us that even those whom He delivered from Egypt, as His own, could not all inherit the promised land, because of their unbelief. The Angels were not above board when some of these celestial beings abandoned their God-given positions and refuge in God’s kingdom, who had to face chains and darkness. Likewise, those who were led by the ways of the world towards lust and immorality of the flesh, had to undergo the punishment of eternal fire. Even today, the lust of the flesh, cravings of the eyes, and pride of life are the three baits that blind one from seeking his destiny, the Heavenly Kingdom. Let us pray that our hearts be filled with the mercy, peace, and love of Jesus, to prevent us from getting swayed by the tactics of the baited traps the world may attract us to. Lord Jesus let nothing dissuade us from following you, assimilating your truth, and thus obtaining the light of life. Comb us within the shadow of your wings. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
