---
title: "‘I will not leave you as"
date: "2024-12-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will not leave you as orphans; I will come to you’ (John 14:18)

---

### Reflection

It is very often easy to get lost within the maze of uncertainties of today’s world. An era where rapidity, high scores, novelty, and innovative power have become decisive factors or determinants of success; where those in the fringes, the minorities, voices of the voiceless, or even the mediocre have hardly a chance for survival. And this frightening plight that has become rampant in every sphere of human activity has made us overtly anxious, timid, and self-oriented (individualistic) in our thoughts, faith, vision, and even influenced the way we bring up our generations. What the Lord has to tell us today, is that we need to slow down, to disengage ourselves with the culture of our times which is materialistic and cold towards the needs of others/the dignity of life, and challenges one’s spiritual progress. The question that possibly would haunt us is - how would we then deal with the consequent alienation, the odds and oddities of swimming against the current? The fact that history has proved since time immemorial, the Word of God has unequivocally declared through the Bible – that we would never be left orphans, that ‘Our Creator would be our defender and refuge at all times’. To the disciples who could not envision the picture of the suffering servant in Jesus, the precariousness (consequences) of losing their prestigious positions (having to live the rest of their lives without the Lord’s physical presence with them), Jesus ensures them that they would never be alone. He would accompany them in their Spirit, embody them with grace to do greater things, and this unfailing presence of Jesus was assured to them till end times. To You and me, who get upset so soon, having to fend for ourselves at times when there is none around who cares, Jesus tells us that He cares, He prepares and steers us on-route. Every ignominy, disgrace, and abandonment we have undergone in life was His sign/proof to us that He (Jesus) was with us during that time and calling the shots, all for the best. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
