---
title: "‘Jesus replied: They need not go"
date: "2024-04-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Jesus replied: They need not go away. You give them something to eat.’(Matthew 14:16)

---

### Reflection

Jesus is our provider; who opens wide doors of possibilities in our life. Even when things appear stagnant in life, it is He who shows us the way. When the people heard of Jesus crossing the shore onto a desolate place, they did not hesitate to follow after Him, knowing well that It was far from their towns and homes. Jesus felt compassion for them not just because they followed Him, but also because of seeing the faith that prompted them to overcome all hassles to meet with Jesus. For us a promising lesson, the Holy Spirit teaches us is - it is faith that has to drive us ahead in life. The faith that no matter how difficult things may seem, to obey what the Lord tells us, to comply with the way He shows us (though it may seem a farce). The courage needed to listen close to Jesus, and deafen ourselves to the voices of the people around us is what He graces us compassionately. It reminds us that we are obliged to do all in our care to support others, those the Lord brings before us, those whom the Lord wills to help through us -  in ways He shows us. Let us look into our immediate world, into the hearts that need our love, and encouragement, and pray that God’s will may be fulfilled through us and for them through the outpouring of His Spirit in us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
