---
title: "‘The authorities that exist have been"
date: "2024-04-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The authorities that exist have been established by God. Consequently, whoever rebels against the authority is rebelling against what God has instituted, and those who do so will bring judgment on themselves (Romans 13:1,2)

---

### Reflection

It’s not that the virtue of ‘being subject to authority’ has been forgotten, but that people today are unaware of whom to obey and be subject to.  It is just like many followers of Christ today do, who practically are unaware of the Gospel and whose lives contradict its essence. Jesus explains to us that there is no authority except that which God has established. The family, the Church, and Governance in nations are all divinely instituted, therefore we are instructed to abide by those at the helm of affairs in each of these. In families, it is the parent or the husband who is authorized to take the lead, the Bishops and clergy in the Church take important decisions on behalf of all, and for a nation, it is the Political Leader/ the Government who is authorized to rule over all affairs. What all this means is that You and I are called to obey and respect decisions taken by these authorities as dictated by God. This also means that we are obliged to pray for those who lead us, that they may be led by the Holy Spirit in all the decisions they make. At times their human natures take head-on to suppress their charism to serve and induce progress for all. But even then, this Word from God assures us that Grace has the power to propitiate the good for all. It is not in rebellion and opposition that good comes to prevail over evil but in humility and patient understanding of human limitations, God’s will comes to fulfillment. The Spirit of God propagates peace, love and generosity, and encourages a broader perspective to accept the Will of God, no matter how illogical it may seem to the human intellect. Therefore, let us ask ourselves how well could we obey the Word of God to be subject to Divinely instituted authorities, to humbly pray for them that all they do and say may turn out for greater good of all. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
