---
title: "‘One thing that I have asked"
date: "2024-06-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘One thing that I have asked of the Lord, that will I seek after: That I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in His temple’ (Psalm 27:4)

---

### Reflection

To dwell in the house of the Lord each day was what the Psalmist implored of the Lord as He made His prayers and offerings to God. This secure home or place of refuge is the Sacred Heart of Jesus - which was pierced for the transgressions of all mankind. The ‘blood and water’ as was revealed to St Faustina were the signs of His mercy and grace towards us. I will dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, was what David resolved to do, as He knew of the surety of goodness and mercy that would overcome the unworthiness of His life. At times of turmoil, it would be wise to reflect on what the Ecclesiasticus concurs to us in chapter 2 – Think back to ancient generations and consider this: Has the Lord ever disappointed anyone who put his hope in Him? Has the Lord ever abandoned anyone who held Him in constant reverence? Has the Lord ignored anyone who prayed to Him? The author sums up his conviction in verse 11 (and this is what You and I are reminded of today) The Lord is kind and merciful, He forgives our sins and keeps us safe in times of trouble. Offer yourself, all that you value in life, your dear and near to the Lord and into His Sacred Heart, rest assured: You will know that Your home is safe; You will take stock of your property and find nothing amiss’ Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
