---
title: "‘And in that day his burden"
date: "2024-06-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And in that day his burden will depart from your shoulder, and his yoke from your neck, and the yoke will be broken because of the fat’ (Isaiah 10:27)

---

### Reflection

The Yoke here symbolizes the failures in one’s life, the fruitless toil, struggles and pain of a lifetime, that burden and dwindle his strength and confidence. The misery of mankind, his predisposition to hard labour, and the heavy yoke that is placed on the Sons of Adam is a curse that mankind bequeathed due to their disobedience in the Garden of Eden. But this is not all – the Book of Sirach offers us the remedy open to all men to lessen this burden imposed on them – by turning to the ‘Mother’ of all; the Second Eve, who redeemed mankind. Now placing the prophesy within its context; Isaiah spoke these Words of comfort to God’s people at a time when they bemoaned their ill fate and slavery under the Assyrian oppression.  It was their infidelity towards God and His Covenant that landed these people into a despicable situation under the Assyrians. However, the moment they turned away from their iniquities and ill ways, repented and placed their trust in God, He would work all things in their favour. He who in His wisdom did cause the people to succumb to oppression, would by all means come to rescue them, deliver and uphold them victorious. We have a God who created all things, reigns over the Universe and dictates the norms of nature. Therefore, however weak and overwhelming our problems in life may be, just one touch from the Lord, a favoured look from Him is all that would make a lifetime change. And this is the one thing, You and I would need to receive each day in life, from the Throne of Mercy. Let us entrust all our cares, worries and anxieties to the Most High, believing that He has the most viable solution to all perplexities of living. Because He is with us, the burden of evil, the yoke cast on us will no longer prevail on us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
