---
title: "‘Therefore, while the promise of entering"
date: "2024-07-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore, while the promise of entering his rest is still open, let us take care that none of you should seem to have failed to reach it’ (Hebrews 4:1)

---

### Reflection

The promise of entering into His rest – ‘The Paradise’, a life of communion and joy with the Lord – is before us. But today’s Word discloses to us the reverse possibility, of failing to reach this coveted opportunity. We must thus acquaint ourselves with the truth of God’s Word, as to those factors that deny one from making himself capable of a glorious life. An unbelieving and hardened heart, one that wrestles with the gift of the Holy Spirit and thereby tests God. Those who believe in God, must essentially demonstrate the trust that God the Almighty exists and He will reward all those who seek Him. Without the fundamental trait of ‘trusting the Lord, ‘of waiting for the Lord’ one disqualifies himself from obtaining the promise of Eternity, that which has already been given us through Jesus. It is this growth in faith that Jesus looks upon us each day, as we call upon His name. So it doesn’t matter how intricate our life’s situations may seem as of today, how intense our struggles of the day may seem, how much men have approved of us as of today, what all matters is whether the Lord Jesus is pleased because of what we do and say. And this is what has the power to triumph the heart of the Lord, to persist Him into acting on our behalf – our faith and love for Him. What Abel could offer, what Enoch obtained, what Abraham set an example for, what Sarah was empowered for, what Noah was chosen to do; what the Israelites in the wilderness forgot to uphold – Let us imbibe in ourselves this tremendous indescribable power to change our world – our Faith in Lord Jesus and a thankful heart for all that He has done for our behalf. Let us make ourselves worthy of the rest that has been promised to us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
