---
title: "‘Woe to him who builds his"
date: "2024-08-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Woe to him who builds his house by unjust gain, setting his nest on high to escape the clutches of ruin’ (Habakkuk 2:9)

---

### Reflection

Babylon was at the heights of its prowess and glory, when it defeated the Judeans way back in the 6th century BCE. The Jerusalem temple (with all its treasures) was looted, people were robbed of their possessions and taken captives to Babylon. How these exiles struggled to make a living in the foreign land and the kind of challenges and humiliations they had to put up with, we get to know from the Prophetic books in the Bible and from other historic accounts. Habakkuk the prophet was distinct from the rest of God’s prophets. He spoke to God of the wretched situations prevailing in his times in the Judean society (before its downfall). The people lived erroneously violating every commandment of God, they were disregardful to the instructions of the prophets of God. Nowhere in the Book of Habakkuk, we read of his admonishing the people for their misdeeds and unholy ways. Habakkuk questioned God for his inaction – for delaying to heed to the supplications of the oppressed and those wronged. God’s response to this question of Habakkuk is answered through the entire chapter 2 of this Book of the Bible. God affirms to Habakkuk that ‘his righteous will live by his faithfulness. The people of Judah would soon pay a heavy toll for their unfaithfulness to God – the invasion by Babylon. Not that the Babylonians were any better. Under the pretext of securing their households from future ruin (attacks from the enemy), the Babylonians had fortified their dwelling places, set them on high, by unjust wealth accumulated through extortion, misappropriation and exploiting the Judeans. They dragged themselves to be judged by the Sovereign of all – God, who was righteous and would avenge for iniquity of men. God had declared their impending downfall that was to occur through the hands of Cyrus. To You and me who strive each day to make a better future for our homes, we are called to be faithful, to abandon deceit, conceit and pride, to be more human. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
