---
title: "‘Do two walk together unless they"
date: "2024-12-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Do two walk together unless they have agreed to do so?’ (Amos 3:3)

---

### Reflection

To those of us who clamour for justice in our times, the Book of Amos serves a respite, as it affirms God’s impending punishment to all men for all kinds of iniquities and transgressions they have committed. Amos was a shepherd, chosen by God to prophesy to God’s people of the ill-fate that was to follow them, had they not repented and turned away from their sinfulness. His message was unequivocally made to all the tribes of Israel (in priority) and to their neighbouring nations who were warned of the consequences of their wicked ways. Speaking from the context of a marital relationship, God points out to the need for His people to reciprocate faithfulness and oneness in their lives. While the northern tribes were accused of their immorality, iniquities and ruthlessness towards the poor, the Southern kingdom (Judah) was accused of having rejected the Law of the Lord, His Statutes and pursuing after deceit, distortion, and falsehood (imitating the ways of their pagan neighbours). Reminding them of the Holy Covenant, that bound them to God - God questions (through Amos) their integrity and waywardness in obliging to God’s commandments. To us, today’s Word is a message to introspect into our relationships – with God, within our families, those places we have been designated to serve – Do our words and deeds match? Do we honour our relationships with faithfulness and integrity? Are we ardent to be peaceable in our lives? As Jesus teaches us – No man can serve both God and Mammon, at the same time. Let us pray that our lives may be fruitful and honourable to the Lord, who has always regarded us as His treasured possession. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
