---
title: "‘None of the rulers of this"
date: "2024-07-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘None of the rulers of this age understood it, for if they had, they would not have crucified the Lord of Glory’ (1 Corinthians 2:8)

---

### Reflection

It was Divine wisdom that Jesus brought to man’s revelation – the mystery that was hidden for ages, which God the Father had destined that all men should receive. And those who received were glorified, esteemed as Sons of the Kingdom. While Moses led the people of Israel as a servant of God, all who received the Son of Man were made sons of His Kingdom. But to be a recipient to this priceless wisdom, God demanded a ‘purity’ of heart, a heart that was purged from all egos mankind is likely to submit to. The lust of the eyes, the desires of the flesh, and the pride of life, which comes not from above, but from the world (1 John 2:16-17) – Jesus referred to these as those longings that one needed to refrain from, to be cautious of, that which could drag one away from God’s will. It is because of this that all could not perceive the worth of what God had freely given through His Son, Jesus. If they had, they would not have permitted the crucifixion, the humiliating death of Jesus on the Cross. It was the will of God that took precedence over human wisdom, and in the course of history, Jesus fulfilled this master plan for our Salvation, by which we were ransomed from the clutches of the world. Therefore, we who have been powerfully redeemed for Eternity must dwell on things above – on things that would please the Lord, on obeying His Word, on making every effort to enhance the Light He has lit within us. Wishing you a delightful Friday. God bless you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
