---
title: "‘As you know we count as"
date: "2024-10-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘As you know we count as blessed those who have persevered. You have heard of Job’s perseverance and have seen what the Lord finally brought about. The Lord is full of compassion and mercy’ (James 5:11)

---

### Reflection

The Epistle of St James displays considerable similarity with the Wisdom Literature in the Bible and outlines some of the basic precepts of Christian morality. Fundamental virtues like restraint or control of speech, endurance or ‘patience’ in suffering are some of the overarching themes that bear resemblance to the ‘Sermon of the mount’ teachings of Jesus. While calling the one who places his trust in the Saving power of Jesus and thus combats difficulties in life – ‘Blessed’, this passage of the New Testament of the Bible points to those who have already shown us the way. The examples of the life of the prophets who spoke in the name of the Lord and of Job who underwent countless sufferings though was blameless before God. One common point connecting these two types was that both were distanced and ridiculed by the rest of the crowds. These were subject to unfounded criticism, accusations were levelled against them which were unparalleled and had no firm grounding upon. What finally transpired to each is also mentioned in the Bible, that these were rewarded a double portion for all their hardships. Of more value was the conviction that became deep rooted in them, that the Lord is full of compassion and mercy. To those in the dark, those unable to see the light, those deeply wounded, those rejected, the Gospel of Jesus still rings out the same message today – The Lord is full of compassion and mercy. You and I become this image of the compassionate Lord when we are able to comfort the afflicted and help heal the one who is wounded in spirit. To be like Christ and to spread His Word is our mission; what more is our purpose on earth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
