---
title: "‘The Lord looked down from his"
date: "2024-05-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord looked down from his sanctuary on High, from Heaven he viewed the earth, to hear the groans of the prisoners and release those condemned to death’ (Psalm 102:19,20)

---

### Reflection

Whenever we try to make sense out of suffering, this Word from the Lord should cause us to understand that throughout the earth many suffer likewise or even more intensely. How could that condone one’s individual hardships and struggles? Jesus wants us to know the truth that suffering was not the plan of God for all mankind. And that is why the Lord from His Holy Sanctuary looks down on the earth, to see the struggles of people. All the unrighteous pain and hardships were those bestowed by the evil, that through these obstacles in life, men may defer God’s purpose for them. Their spirits cowed and strengths failing, they may attribute the cause of these to God, thereby abandoning Him. The Holy Spirit enlightens us that God in all His mercy and compassion, looks on to these people, offering His mighty Hands of support and provision. He sent His Son – Jesus, that all those fixed plans of evil may be curbed, reversed and utterly destroyed. What the Son of God did was to teach us how to love and respect human dignity and serve mankind. Jesus did not do anything out of His greatness or to demonstrate His superiority, but did it with a servant heart, with compassion and love, to redeem and reclaim for His Father. Whenever You and I find people around us going through tough times, it is not through our meaningless sympathising and advises that we emulate the work of God, but by ardently loving them and praying for their recovery. Who knows if we would also find ourselves entrapped in a similar kind of anomaly as theirs? And if so, what would be our plight? Instead of reasoning this way, we go on judging, expressing our superiority and condemning those who seem unfit according to our human standards. Let mercy and compassion prevail over judgment, Lord give us this grace. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
