---
title: "‘He said to me’ Fear not,"
date: "2024-05-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He said to me’ Fear not, Daniel, for from the first day that you set your heart to understand and humbled yourself before your God, your words have been heard...’ (Daniel 10:12)

---

### Reflection

Daniel had a vision of ‘a great conflict.’ Having understood that it meant a period of prolonged suffering for the Israelites he prayed and fasted there in Babylon for three weeks. At the close of the third week, there appeared to him in another vision a glorious man, whose sight was frightening. Daniel is strengthened by this God-man, encouraged by the message from God. In fact, the moment Daniel had begun to pray in earnest, this messenger from God had been sent with God’s Word. But He was opposed by some other power that ruled the City of Babylon. It took him twenty-one days to prevail upon this power (an evil one) and reach out to Daniel with the Word that God is pleased with Him and willing to deliver His people – to fulfill His promises for them. However weak we are, dispirited and sinful, every prayer that emerges from a humble sincere soul, does touch the heart of God. God immediately listens to our prayers and wills to come to our aid. This must be our confidence when we approach God, that God alone wills to help, deliver, and make fruitful every endeavor of ours. If not today, over time, all those supplications we have been pouring out before the Lord, will find an answer to. As was the case of the Persian Demon that prevented God’s message from being cascaded to Daniel, every hindrance in our lives brought forth by evil will be cast out by Jesus. A prayer from a righteous heart has the power to negate all forces of the untoward and enforce peace. You and I are called to be peace-makers, not to wrestle with men. This we do, by surrendering ourselves and situations to the Lord. Jesus, Be our Light! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
