---
title: "‘But You, our God are good"
date: "2024-06-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But You, our God are good and true. You are very patient. You govern everything in your mercy’ (Wisdom 15:1)

---

### Reflection

At times we err desperately in understanding ‘who’ God is and His true nature. It is this that leads and shuns us into darkness and the negativity that shrouds our minds. Whenever You and I are in low spirits, when things don’t seem right for us, when we tend to lose control of situations and people, it is then that the Lord wants us to recognize ‘Who’ we are and ‘Who’ He is to us. We have a God who is always good, faithful in His promises and the ‘One’ who always desires our ultimate good. To us there can be no human being as patient, as considerate and as merciful as Jesus is. Who can compare to your loving goodness, O Lord! The psalmist acclaimed of God’s steadfast love; that it is He who governs the Universe in His graciousness. After having described ‘God’s’ true nature, the author of Wisdom continues His prayer in Chapter 15, acknowledging his sinfulness, seeking forgiveness from God. ‘Even if we sin, we still belong to You, Lord. And we will not sin because You consider us as Your own. All perfection in our life stems from knowing You. May this be our prayer too this morning, Jesus, To know you is the beginning of transformation, the beginning of perfection in our life. Fill our minds, intellect and understanding with Your Wisdom and Your inspirations, that we may know what pleases you, refrain from sin and glorify Your Holy name. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
