---
title: "‘You will be enriched in every"
date: "2024-08-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You will be enriched in every way so that you can be generous on every occasion, and through us your generosity will result in thanksgiving to God’ (2 Corinthians 9:11)

---

### Reflection

Today God’s Word draws our attention to the ‘spirit’ or ‘motive’ that should prompt one towards giving. St Paul explains this by stating that God loves a cheerful giver, one who shares from an inner sense of having received everything freely from above. Not because there wasn’t an effort on his/her part (of toil, perspiration), but because of his conviction, deep within that ‘had it not been for the mercy of the Lord’, his/her fate would have been the other extreme. Generosity has often been annotated to free giving/sharing of wealth and possessions. Gains and returns on investment may be decisive factors that, at times even determine the way money needs to be used for charity too. The generosity that the Gospel hints at is one that is radical, that which encompasses every aspect of human living even the most subtle ones. Apart from wealth as a resource for sharing, it covers ‘time’, ‘compassion’, ‘the ability’ to consider another, to reach out to another or even to support another going through stressful times in life……as insightful ways of expressing generosity. It is these dimensions of generosity that transcend the clouds and reach the Heavens as thanksgiving and praise to the Most High. When the Lord sent His disciples to share the message of the good news, he exhorted them to give freely to all whom they encountered, what they had received freely. Likewise, those whom He entrusts today with power, authority or wealth, are called to be His witnesses in every way – in faith, in speech, in knowledge of Christ, eagerness to love and share – into a lifestyle of generosity.  Jesus calls You and me personally to be His witnesses – to be like Him and share His Light to all in the dark and to be messengers of hope in a world so imperfect and infiltrated by hate. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
