---
title: "‘Note then, the kindness and the"
date: "2024-07-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Note then, the kindness and the severity of God: severity toward those who have fallen, but God’s kindness to you, provided you continue in His kindness. Otherwise you too will be cut off’ (Romans 11:22)

---

### Reflection

It is the disposition of your mind that God looks to, (your criteria to receive God’s mercy depends on) whether you remember that you were grafted in an extraordinary way to seek nourishment from Him, the source of all life. That You and I were those clay jars into which the treasure of God’s kindness was poured into; that It was not our effort or good works that made us tenable to obtain God’s blessings from above. Often than not, we tend to judge others, belittle those in pain and affliction, because we take credit for all that has been ours till date. We fail to see the invisible Hands of the Almighty upon us, who has been benevolently supplying our needs irrespective of whether we deserved them through our goodness or not. It is to this sense of entitlement, our generation has become so accustomed to, that Jesus once denounced saying that ‘if you do not repent, you will also perish like them’. Let us therefore compassionately look at the people around us, We who have been benefactors of God’s kindness in its abundance must be ready to replicate the same when it comes to those around us, especially the blind, the lame, the crippled, (those unworthy of our kindness and unable to pay back to us). This is the mind of Christ that we have been called to put on – of understanding, of empathy, of willingness to pray for and forgive those who have distanced us from their hearts. For the sake of the love of the Lord, let us put on His garb of love, tearing off our old self, the inclinations to pay back as received… Jesus, bless us with this grace of humility and prayerfulness. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
