---
title: "‘I always pray with joy because"
date: "2024-12-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I always pray with joy because of your partnership in the Gospel from the first day until now, being confident of this, that He who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus’ (Philippians 1:4-6)

---

### Reflection

The zeal and fire in the Apostle, Paul, made Him an ardent missionary for Christ. He preached the Gospel to all, exhorted them in ‘truth’ and morals, was deeply concerned in their transformation into the likeness of Christ. Towards this objective, he prayed and worked hard - placing his trust in the grace given to him as Christ’s apostle. He prayed with joy and hope, exhorting each one of us of the need to be fervent in prayer, with the peace and conviction of faith. You and I are likewise ambassadors of Christ, working for the Salvation of those entrusted to our care. In our families, communities, Churches, communities, and places of work, we are partners in the Gospel of Christ. What Jesus asks of us today is to pray with joy, in peace with God and others, with the courage and conviction that what the Spirit of God has undertaken and initiated for the good of all and the glory of God would be carried on to completion when Jesus approaches us in His great second coming. Jesus asks us to be cheerful in prayer, not remorseful. He hears our every prayer, encourages our acts of building up and supporting one another, If there have been obstacles and hindrances on our path, it was His will that we were to merely rely on Him (grace) to ensure the perfect completion of our tasks in life. Jesus assures us  - Be still and know that I am God; I am mighty, I will be exalted among nations and in the earth and all that you have asked me, I will grant you in its perfection at its destined time, as ever. Do not worry! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
