---
title: "‘For He himself is our peace,"
date: "2024-11-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For He himself is our peace, who has made us both one and has broken down in his flesh the dividing wall of hostility’ (Ephesians 2:14)

---

### Reflection

What a befitting way to begin the new week with the thought of ‘peace’ and that Jesus is our peace. HE who was God but imbibed our human form, so that we may be reconciled to the Father, that we may realize our true worth, that we are heirs to ‘the glory’ of the Heavenly kingdom. This is the comfort and calm, Jesus instills into the hearts of those who believe in Him and repose their trust in Him. That, however lacklustre or grim their worldly state of affairs may seem, however irrevocable, ineligible, or even repulsive their prospects for a revival may look, God loved us so immensely that Jesus would not give up for any of them for any reason. ‘Those’ whom His Father had entrusted to Him for His works, no one could snatch them away or derail them from their ultimate purpose in life. And since they belonged not to ‘this world’, it was sure thing that the world would despise and condemn them. How many have been those times when You and I felt that we were aliens to those around – our dear and near. How many times have we experienced being underrated and undervalued by men around! Because men who were in themselves imperfect (with planks in their eyes) attempted to judge us by the speck that they saw in our eyes. Whatever, the Lord reminds us to focus on Him, to open up to Him, asking Him for healing, forgiveness, and love…………..When the world stepped behind to support, always remember, the eyes of the Lord was fixed on you to redeem, reclaim, restore and build up. That is why Isaiah overwhelmed by the unfailing love of the Lord exclaimed to all the message You and I fail to hear from the Lord – You are precious and honoured in my sight, and because I love you, I will give people in exchange for you and nations in exchange for your life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
