---
title: "‘His Divine power has granted to"
date: "2024-08-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘His Divine power has granted to us all things that pertain to life and godliness, through the knowledge of Him who called us to His own glory and excellence’ (2 Peter 1:3)

---

### Reflection

All things that would ultimately lead us to our Eternal Kingdom – for which we strive hard to obtain while in this world in conformity to our calling and election by our Creator, is already given to us in Jesus Christ. He is the fullness of all knowledge and wisdom, the sum and substance of virtue that we need to imbibe within to ensure we do not miss the mark. From this fullness, He wills that we must be restored to perfection, to be worthy before the Father in Heaven. It is this knowledge about Him that we need to secure in life. The knowledge about Emmanuel, God who accompanies us, though we are unaware of His abiding presence, the knowledge that with Him we have all that pertains to our godliness, that without Him we will die in our sins, without Him there is no hope, no revival or resurrection of the body. It is this message and the person of Jesus whom the apostles worked to proclaim to the world. God the Father wanted to put across this message from His heart to You and me – that He sees you as the Glory of His Creation, created for the purpose - of doing His works on earth, to recreate, restore and enliven the Created through love, harmony and truth. You and I are specially called towards the Glory and excellence of Jesus Christ, His Son, the Word who created everything from nothing. To make our homes, communities and societies the living place of the Spirit of God, we are called with grace and strength through Jesus Christ. Let us strengthen and confirm our calling with trustworthiness and faith in the One who called us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
