---
title: "‘We did this not because we"
date: "2024-11-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘We did this not because we do not have that right (the right to such help)

---

### Reflection

, but in order to offer ourselves as a model for you to imitate’ (2 Thessalonians 3:9)

When Paul was in Thessalonica preaching the Gospel there, he was determined to work hard to earn a living, rather than depend on the support given by the believers in Thessalonica or elsewhere. In his later epistles (especially the one to the Corinthians) he emphasized the command of God that those who preached the Gospel were to be supported by the communities who received their service. To financially help spread God’s Word is - the obligation of each one of us believers, as the Church exhorts us through its precepts. Even though this legitimate privilege existed for Paul the apostle, he chose to provide for himself through tent-making (his profession). This he did with the intent to set an example for believers that diligence and sincerity were the hallmarks of a Christ follower. And, this is the message the Holy Spirit holds for us today, whoever we may be, or whatever our tasks or roles in life be. To a Christian, his way is the way of the Lord – the true but ‘narrow way’, not for the sake of suffering or sacrifice, but to sow the seeds of diligence, faithfulness, and love to those around him, to posterity….and what more. Thus, the Lord said, If someone compels you to go a mile with him, to walk an extra mile too; not to withhold our tunic to the one, who takes away our cloak. To offer good for evil, to be kind even when it hurts, and thereby overcome the evil one. This is the model the Lord asks us to practice and demonstrate through our lives. To give away anger, haughtiness, slander, malice to one another and learn to respect the dignity of the one whom the Lord has redeemed by His blood. How difficult, but with Grace all things are possible for the one who yearns for it. Lord Jesus, direct our motives and actions in your truth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
