---
title: "‘He has declared that He will"
date: "2024-12-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He has declared that He will set you in praise, fame and honor high above all the nations he has made and that you will be a people holy to the Lord your God as He promised’ (Deuteronomy 26:19)

---

### Reflection

The Declaration and blessing has been made by none other than the Lord our God. As Isaiah prophesies ‘it was foretold to His beloved long ago’ and by the One who revealed Himself as incomparable to none, a righteous God and Saviour. To all those who carefully observe His decrees and laws, obeying them with all their heart, mind, and soul, these are those who have surrendered themselves to the protection of the Divine, to the Covenantal promise – to them, as to us all who believe in the Lord, seek refuge under His mighty arms, and wait for His works – this is the promise reiterated today for our strengthening in faith. It is He the Lord who made all, who destined places and time for them on this earth. To know Him is a great beginning, to discern His will always is an empowerment and to follow His command of ‘love’ is the key to success in our lives. St Francis Xavier was a man of wisdom, one who loved His master, knew Him well, discerned His will of spreading His message of hope and love to all the world. Thus what the world today witnesses of Him, the relics of His incorrupt remains, the swarming millions who pass by His tomb, to pay homage and offer prayers, seeking His intercession for their disconcerting issues and problems of life…..As a beautiful flower that bloomed and spread its fragrance to the world, drawing its sustenance from the Light of life – Jesus, You and I are called to blossom; that experiencing our color and fragrance (our works of love), men may knowingly glorify our Heavenly Father. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
