---
title: "‘For not from the east or"
date: "2024-05-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For not from the east or from the west and not from the wilderness comes lifting up, but it is God who executes judgment, putting down one and lifting up another’ (Psalm 75:6,7)

---

### Reflection

The Risen Lord brings to our comprehension a basic truth – that it is He who lifts or elevates man. And when He does so, this man is charged with a higher responsibility to bear fruit. Bearing fruit would mean a gratuitous life, that reflects God’s love in word, deed and attitude. Such a one would refrain from judging or despising another who is less privileged in all dimensions of living (material and spiritual). Jesus expects this man to be merciful and to be a living example of ‘The Beatitudes’ outlined as central in His Sermon on the Mount. The Psalm hints at two sinful aspects that have become common course in daily human living – boastfulness (pride) and haughtiness (arrogance). These being part of the list of Cardinal sins have repercussions even more far-fetched. First, these invite the wrath of God upon those who exhibit it and deprive them of their worthiness to receive mercy. Second, because of these, they prove themselves untrustworthy servants or stewards of God’s grace. It is God who elevates one and puts down another. If so, we all owe a primary responsibility to stay away from sins of this kind that are detrimental to our welfare and create disapproval from God. Let us pray for the virtue of humility which prepares us for greater works of charity, In Jesus name we ask. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
