---
title: "‘For he says, In a favorable"
date: "2024-07-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For he says, In a favorable time I listened to you, and in a day of Salvation I have helped you. Behold now is the favorable time; Behold now is the Day of Salvation’ (2 Corinthians 6:2)

---

### Reflection

That favorable time and Day of Salvation is now for You and me, when we decide to accept Jesus as the Lord of our lives. The prophet Isaiah was consoled by God that all his prayers for the People of God were heard and accepted, they would be fulfilled in its due time. The due time was the Day of the Messiah, when He incarnated as man, took all the transgressions of men upon Himself and offered the most pleasing sacrifice on the Cross. Whenever this Sacrifice is reenacted anywhere in the world, grace descends upon mankind, overtaking all human shortcomings and renewing the face of the earth. Whoever is in Christ is a new Creation, St Paul reminds us of the immense power that permeates our Soul whenever we receive the Lord in true worthiness. Our worthiness is not our righteousness, but His mercy, our confession that we are what we are, because of Him who loved us. God who loved mankind so dearly, has heard the cries, supplications and ardent desires of every human heart, that He gave His Son for us. Through Him we are saved, redeemed, delivered and sanctified for those greater tasks of glory. If ever you feel tired of the life situations you are currently going through, hold on to Jesus, and ask of Him what He desires out of the situations He has put you into. The favorable time for your prayers to be answered is this day. Do not belittle the grace of God that has urged you into prayer, into conversing with the Lord. He will reveal to you the most hidden, unknown traits of your life, your Call - that which He can use for greater glory. Thank you Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
