---
title: "‘For I am not aware of"
date: "2024-06-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For I am not aware of anything against myself, but I am not thereby acquitted. It is the Lord who judges me’ (1 Corinthians 4:4)

---

### Reflection

Faithfulness and Righteousness for a believer stem from the ‘pioneer’ and the crux of our faith – Jesus Christ. It is therefore that the examination of one’s conscience is not restricted merely to the realm of Moral and Natural laws alone, but to compliance with every Word that comes from the mouth of Jesus. The world has always marveled at the Gospel and its profound teachings which have touched every aspect of human living. As stewards to the Gospel of Christ, as followers of Christ, You and I have been set apart for an extraordinary way of life. In abiding with the ‘mind of Christ’ we express our allegiance to Jesus and His Gospel. Many times, the perspective of Jesus – His love and compassion, may prove contradictory to the usual ways of this world. One may have to deny himself, as Jesus once said of His disciples, pick up crosses (that go against our bend of mind), expose oneself to ridicule and scorn of the public (on specific pretexts) so that he may be acceptable to the Lord. It is thus that St Paul explains, ‘Not that he is aware of having transgressed a Divine Commandment, but that doesn’t prove him innocent either’; It is the Lord who is to justify him, condone and favour him. It doesn’t matter what one has learned or acquired over the years from life, but it is in simple surrender to Jesus and willingness to accept His choices that our faith and righteousness lies in. Let us, therefore, do everything today with the mind of Christ; that in everything we do and say, Let Christ be glorified. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
