---
title: "‘… My only aim is to"
date: "2024-08-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘… My only aim is to finish the race and complete the task the Lord Jesus has given me – the task of testifying to the good news of God’s grace’ (Acts 20:24)

---

### Reflection

Paul received a great mission from the Lord, though late. He was commissioned to go and proclaim the good news to the Gentiles. It was not what he used to be or what he intended to do then, that qualified him for the position of apostleship; but God’s love and invitation to His Kingdom that secured him this call. The Spirit of Jesus transforms him over the years, bringing him face to face with hardships, persecution, imprisonments and misunderstandings to equip him with the power to take on his responsibility. Neither his call, the revelations given to him nor his charisms made his path easier, it was the realization of his helplessness and magnanimity of God’s grace that helped him make strides in every missionary journey of his. His trust in Jesus, obedience to His promptings, and conviction that his reward was a sure thing, helped him stay the course to the fulfilment of his goal in life. It was not that he was unaware of the persecutions that awaited him in every further step he took. Paul’s life (his witnessing to the Gospel) is awe-inspiring, an emulative model to one and all who love the Lord and desire to live in His light. You and I likewise have been assigned a task, one royal and fulfilling, that which the Lord has called us to take up. Even the one called to his vineyard in the 11th hour was honoured with a due reward, and so will we who have attempted to complete our race with dedication and goodwill. For unlike the ways of men, God who looks into the hearts of every man knows their every thought and longing. So why waste time and effort in pleasing men, but strive for God’s kingdom and for His will to be honored on earth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
