---
title: "‘But the righteous live forever, and"
date: "2024-12-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But the righteous live forever, and their reward is with the Lord; the Most High takes care of them’ (Wisdom 5:15)

---

### Reflection

The year 2024 with all its events, excitements, and memories (joyful and sorrowful) has traversed by and will give in to another. All things have vanished like a shadow, and like a rumour that passes by, as King Solomon quotes of the days that have gone by for the worldly one. Therefore, irrespective of the tracks of the past we journeyed through, we are called to make a start once again. Trusting in the Lord, knowing His ways and will, thanking Him for all the graces that were given us despite our unfaithful ways and seeking for extraordinary grace to make a change for the better. Because we are convinced that He rewards the ‘righteous one’; let us take account of what are those specific blessings that await the one who follows after God’s ways. They will receive a glorious crown and a beautiful diadem from the hands of the Lord. His right arm will shield and protect them. The Lord will zealously work for this one, equipping all Creation to repel the evil one, with righteousness (as a breastplate), justice (as a helmet) and holiness (as an invincible shield). While thanking the Lord for His goodness and mercy we have been benefitted in the past year, let us earnestly pray for being armed with the virtues of righteousness, justice, and holiness in the new year to come. Let God arise and let His enemies be scattered; let those who hate Him flee before Him! And let us be filled with joy, exultation, and jubilance in this Jubilee Year 2025. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
