---
title: "‘For thus says the Lord to"
date: "2024-10-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For thus says the Lord to Judah and Jerusalem, ‘ Break up your fallow ground, and sow not among thorns’ (Jeremiah 4:3)

---

### Reflection

With a new heart, one filled with gratitude, a mind that reckons itself blessed counting the many blessings that it has received, we begin the new day. Let not things of the yesterdays trouble us. There may have been pressures from within and without that have hampered our well-being, there may have been plots, tricks, challenges and foul games that we have endured through life’s journey – those from dear and near especially. These have particularly woken us up to the reality that we are so special, so distinct and a miracle that the world looks on to. From this perspective, we receive God’s love, His Word of life and healing. Into this good soil - ‘awareness’ that one’s origin and greatness is in the Lord, removing from us all that irks and irritates – the pride, jealousy, meanness, ………..we lift up our hearts to receive today’s promise of restoration and glory. Lord Jesus, with a new heart, mind and filled with Your Spirit of love, we welcome this new day, believing and longing for the fulfilment of all the promises this day is loaded for us. Help us to be guided by your Spirit, the Spirit of Truth, that counsels, admonishes, guides and reconciles according to the perfect will of the Father. Wishing you a blessed day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
