---
title: "‘The Lord is righteous in all"
date: "2024-07-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord is righteous in all His ways and faithful in all He does’ (Psalm 145:17)

---

### Reflection

Righteousness and faithfulness are two Divine traits that the Holy Spirit inspires us to meditate upon this day. Our Lord is trustworthy in all that He has promised and faithful in all His works. He is the True Way to Life. And If you and I claim to be His followers, we are expected to portray the same Divine traits that characterized the Way of the Lord – Righteousness and faithfulness. How faithful we are does not merely depend upon our circumstances; our righteousness is not what we perceive following human standards of the conscience. The Bible tells us that all of us have fallen short of the Grace of God and therefore no one can claim to have attained perfection in the Divine sense of this term. The benchmarks set by God’s kingdom are much higher and sometimes seem impossible to the eyes of the world. But God has set these with all mercy and compassion. He upholds the one who is falling and raises the one who is discouraged from past failures; He gives each one what is due to Him as and when they call upon His name. When Jesus has asked us to be faithful as His Heavenly Father is, He meant what He said and we are called just to obey Him. To indulge in all our chores of the day with utmost diligence and commitment, to leave no stone unturned, to sow our seeds in peace, that we may reap a harvest of righteousness as God’s Word promises us. Let us pray for this grace to be righteous and faithful in all that we do and say today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
