---
title: "‘For if a law had been"
date: "2024-07-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For if a law had been given that could give life, then righteousness would indeed be by the law’ (Galatians 3:21)

---

### Reflection

Until the offspring (the Messiah for mankind) should come, God gave His people the Law, that they may experience ‘reprieve,’ that they may know what transgressions were and the lifestyle God expected from them. The Law given through ‘Moses’ was not foolproof, as it couldn’t guarantee ‘life’ in abundance, it couldn’t transform the sinful state of mankind into its preternatural state of righteousness. God who loved His own, did not foresee putting in place a mediocre plan for their Salvation. Similar to what we as parents would ensure for our children, God having seen the intricacies and anomalies in the law, decided to make it simple and sweet for His children. By faith in His Son, Jesus Christ, He assured us the perfection that would qualify us for Eternity. Not by works (the list of all good works we do or portray) but by our simple love for the Messiah, our urge to obey His Commandment, we are sanctified, set apart and bequeathed an inheritance as Sons and daughters of the Kingdom. No more to continue as slaves to sin, or death, but to live glorified lives as Witnesses to Jesus – this is why God created us and loved us so much. We are called to life – life in its abundance, this Jesus promises us. Wishing you a bliss-filled day with the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
