---
title: "‘I, the Lord, the First, and"
date: "2024-05-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I, the Lord, the First, and with the last; I am He’ (Isaiah 41:4)

---

### Reflection

With love and authority, the Lord God asks you and me, who sometimes wallow in regret and sorrow – The One who was stirred up from the East, with whom victory meets at every step; who He is? – Jesus Christ. We are asked to approach Him, speak to Him and preserve ourselves to stay the final judgment, He would make on our behalf. He, the First in Heaven and Earth, would always love to stand with those who are the last, those who have experienced failures over failure and those who have always been left in solitude and agony.  With these ‘the last’, ‘the least’ He is the I am, in whatever ways they would need His presence – be it material needs, be it spiritual or even in the realm of lost relationships, He is the Am for us all. Whenever You and I battle with the storms of life, whenever our hearts are troubled, approach the Lord, the First and ask Him to be the I Am for you. What no human can provide, He fills with peace, rejuvenates with strength, encourages with confidence to be what we are called to be. It may be difficult for our frail hearts to acknowledge this truth, especially when situations and people turn hostile and all that was in place just falls apart or gets distorted. And remember, whenever so, free yourself from all that keeps you engaged and busy to find time to approach and speak with the Lord. He acknowledges every gesture of love and sincerity from you and me. Lord Jesus, be with me always, be the First to deliver me and let me believe that You are all that I need each moment in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
