---
title: "‘After six days Jesus took with"
date: "2024-08-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘After six days Jesus took with Him Peter, James and John the brother of James, and led them up a high mountain by themselves. There He was transfigured before them…….’ (Matthew 17:1-2)

---

### Reflection

The incident of Jesus’s transfiguration as narrated by Matthew, Mark and Luke in their respective Gospel passages was one of its kind. It was experienced by only three of His disciples. Jesus took them up a high mountain, apart from their usual circumstances, which was where they could witness this glorious revelation. Peter took cue from this mystic experience (2 Peter 1:16-18) he was personally blessed to partake in to emphasize the Gospel truth, of the second coming of the Messiah in pomp and glory unexplainable (to judge the living and the dead). As we meditate on the Lord’s great mystery of transfiguration before the disciples, we are called to seek after the Lord for a similar experience in our lives. Let us pray to Him to bring in a commemorative ‘breakthrough’ in our lives. To stir us from our present state of inertia, to a state of dynamism, thrill and enthusiasm to love and serve Him wholly, we are in dire need of this touch of the Holy Spirit. Jesus who read closely the thoughts of his disciples, saw the fire in three of them to love and serve Him. To these who ardently wished to be with the Lord and learn from Him, He granted them supernatural revelations that were then too hard for them to comprehend. Let us also thirst for this experience of delighting in the Lord and allowing Him to lead our ways today. Always remember, You and I are called for something different and better than yesterday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
