---
title: "‘For you know that it was"
date: "2024-04-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For you know that it was not with perishable things such as silver or gold that you were redeemed from the empty way of life handed down to you from your ancestors’ (1 Peter 1:18)

---

### Reflection

Everyone who is with Jesus is taught by the Heavenly Father. We are taught of what is the truth and of the Spirit, as God is Spirit, He leads us to a true and perfect worship that confirms us to His likeness and image. We are assured of our inheritance of the city with Eternal foundations, ‘the New Jerusalem’, whose designer and maker is God. And this we have obtained by grace – by Jesus, through His precious blood, the Lamb sacrificed spotless and blameless. You and I have received this call, the vocation to obey the truth, that was revealed to us by Jesus, not to fall back to the ways of old, the ways that have been handed down to us from our ancestors. We know that our former ways led to the death of the Spirit in us, but now that we have been redeemed in Christ, we are alive. We have hope that as Christ was risen and glorified, our mortal bodies would receive glorification to surmount all that defeats, deprives and depresses. There is supernatural hope in us to tackle all hopelessness in life, there is joy that transcends every moment of agony in life, and there is peace that supersedes the emptiness within us, for what Jesus has gifted us is unmatched and priceless. Nothing can compare to the Spirit of God possessing you. Ask Him all that you need, all that you are deprived of today, ask Him for strength and power to make your signature to the world ‘Christ in You’ Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
