---
title: "‘Greater love has no one than"
date: "2024-05-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Greater love has no one than this; to lay down one’s life for one’s friends’ (John 15:13)

---

### Reflection

The expediency of ‘love’ is its supernatural power to bring in perfection. God the Father loved us and for our sake, He sent His only Son, Jesus, to reclaim mankind to its lost glory. Jesus likewise loved us, and thus incarnated as one among men in the course of history. It was Jesus who delineated the contours of love, broadening its dimensions to more than what the world could have imagined of. While ‘to love’ would mean to express a sincere sense of affection, interest or likeness to someone or something, as the world defined it to be, Jesus perfected love by offering Himself for the sake of His loved ones. To us, He gives this commandment ‘to love’ one another, which is the first and best commandment a Christian ought to follow. And in our lives, the Lord has given many who lean on us, who journey with us through the same crossroads, our dear and near, those in need of support, to whom a kind word or encouragement would make a big difference. It is to these that the Lord expects us to manifest our love first, while also loving the world at large. At times our love expressed is direly conditional and overtly relational. There may have been many who were disappointed by our ways, words and inaction; these were specific opportunities given to us to love and learn to care for as Jesus did. Where we have let go of them, we can make up by asking to be filled with the power of the Spirit of Jesus. To be led by the inspirations of the Holy Spirit, is where our lives would find perfection and fulfilment. Let us pray for the grace to be filled with God’s love and His compassion. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
