---
title: "‘A wooden beam firmly bonded into"
date: "2024-09-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘A wooden beam firmly bonded into a building is not loosened by an earthquake...’ (Sirach 22:16)

---

### Reflection

The power of the mind or one’s resolve is of course tremendous, but there are times when it is subject to weakness, when rejuvenation becomes all the more necessary. History is replete with incidents of men who finally gave up in life, who found themselves sinking in the miry bog of crisis and eventualities they could not conform to (those they were not responsible of, but made answerable to). Uncertainty and change ordered by the Divine can meet us at inflection points in life that they may turn out to be a ‘do or die’ situation for You and me. Here today’s Word assures us that be it a calamity of any sort, with the wooden beam of the Cross of Jesus bonded into our lives, we are invincible and nothing can pull us down. How often do we tend to forget the times in yester years when the Lord had been with us and delivered us through the reeling floods and calamities that were highly disastrous to us? And today let us be convinced that nothing but the Cross, is our way to salvation to revival, strength, empowerment and glory. Therefore, it is the power in us, the power of the Lord that drives us ahead through storms, onto a broad pathway. Thus the Psalmist prayed, ‘Though I walk through the darkest valleys in life, I fear no evil, for though art with me; Thy rod and thy staff are my comfort. Let the Rod and Staff of the loving Lord, His care and protection renew us in our minds our spirits this Thursday morning. Thank you Jesus for this realization that I am never alone in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
