---
title: "‘I will take my stand at"
date: "2024-09-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will take my stand at my watch-post and station myself on the tower, and look out to see what He will say to me, and what I will answer concerning’ (Habakkuk 2:1)

---

### Reflection

What Habakkuk (the prophet of God) did when distraught and unable to rationalize with life’s varied unanswered questions, would turn an eye-opener to us, believers in Jesus Christ. The prophet had been long struggling with the infidelities of the Israelites, trying to convince them of what would befall them as a consequence of their sinfulness. On the other hand, he was overwhelmed having been told by God of what would occur to Israel shortly due to their transgressions. This was dilirious to him and, having almost lost control of things, not knowing how to retaliate or make a come-back, he finally relents to God in silence. The prayer he makes at this ‘state of surrender’ to the Most High, gets him his answer of a lifetime, the confidence and assurance of peace - ‘ That the righteous will live by faith’. To You and me, who at times reach the crossroads of life’s journey, unable to practically sort out a way from all entanglements and strings that keep us tied, we would need to stand silently at the ramparts of our citadel – the rock of refuge we have been privileged to stand upon – Jesus. To look to Him, awaiting in patience for what He has to tell us. For He knows what befalls us, what is to occur, and what best we would need to do to manoeuvre ‘safe’ through today’s crisis. Not what holds strong in our minds and intellects (those determined by the past), but what the Lord has to tell us, we must obey. Then as the prophet thanked God, will we admit that the Sovereign Lord is my strength, the One who makes my feet like the feet of the deer, who causes me tread in the heights, though calamity surrounds me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
