---
title: "You will strengthen their heart; you"
date: "2024-11-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> you will strengthen their heart; you will incline your ear’ (Psalm 10:17)

---

### Reflection

‘O Lord, you hear the desire of the afflicted;


While explaining to us God’s tremendous mercy – His concern for the afflicted, those pushed to the margins, those ostracised, this prayer of the Psalmist directs our hearts to be merciful. It is the virtue of understanding that a man needs to obtain from ‘the Most High’ to discern between what pleases and displeases God. And this gift of understanding, the Lord gives to those who are like children – humble in heart and open to receive from Him. It is to these that the Kingdom of Heaven belongs to as Jesus once told His disciples. For us human beings to accept the fact that God is God and we are merely humans, a series of setbacks and trials in life’s journey may seem essential. How many have been those times when we disputed and vied with one another for the most unimportant things in life, only to realize later that they weren’t in any way essential to our growth. What flourishes, what expands one’s horizon of understanding, what helps men to make the right choices in life is not envisioned by human intellect, but ‘Grace’ – God’s favor upon one that guards him like a shield. Because of which, this one humbly offers his supplications to the Lord, he is blessed, is encouraged, his prayers answered, and his destiny set for success. WE have a God who never abandons the desolate in Spirit, the downcast, the suffering, the upright, but encourages each to begin all over again. You and I who have received this mercy from Him, are called to reciprocate the same compassion to those in need. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
