---
title: "‘By faith we understand that the"
date: "2024-12-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘By faith we understand that the Universe was created by the Word of God, so that what is seen was not made out of things that are visible’ (Hebrews 11:3)

---

### Reflection

All that is seen today was made out of the invisible, this is our faith. We are thereby led to believe that God who is only goodness will create the better and unseen things yet to come no shortly from now. Not by sight, but by faith, by expectation and hope we live, as believers in the Lord. This is the faith that the Lord expects to see in us, that no matter who we are and where we stand, God has a place, a plan, and still can move things for the best for us. This was the faith that made Abel righteous, that commended Enoch (who was assumed into the Heavens), the faith that persuaded Noah to revere God’s instruction and preserve humanity, that made Abraham, the Father of a multitude of nations, that made Isaac invoke the blessings for Jacob and Essau, for Jacob to bless the sons of Joseph too, for Joseph to envision the exodus, for Moses to be miraculously brought up by Pharoah’s daughter, and so on…….the Bible enumerates examples of courageous men and women who lived extraordinary lives because of their faith in the promises of God. All these were brought this hour to our remembrance by the Spirit of God because we have been called specially to display such kind of excellence in faith and works, to witness Jesus Christ, and to be His light in a world immersed in darkness and dismay. May you be inspired to live each day with love, hope and faith that builds, secures and revives that which comes from above. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
