---
title: "‘In the thirty-seventh year of the"
date: "2024-09-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In the thirty-seventh year of the exile of King Jehoiachin of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the twenty-fifth day of the month, King Evil-merodach of Babylon, in the year he began to reign, showed favor to King Jehoiachin of Judah and brought him out of prison’ (Jeremiah 52:31)

---

### Reflection

King Jehoiachin was the last of the Kings of Judah, who succeeded the throne of his father (King Jehoiakim) and at a time most turbulent in Judean history. Hardly did he take over the reins of the kingdom after the death of his father, (for three months) he was deposed and taken captive to Babylon by the Babylonian King, Nebuchadnezzar II. His ill-fate was attributed to the transgressions, sinfulness, and atrocities his father committed as King, and against whom Jeremiah prophesied that there would come a retribution from God. This ‘prophesy’ became true when Jehoiakim had to succumb to a most humiliating death and his successor who was dethroned no sooner had to spend 37 long years as a prisoner of war. This young Jehoiachin, though of royal descent had nothing in his favor, but misfortunes and years of suffering, for no direct cause of his own. His silent suffering as a captive in the Babylonian prison, may have opened the eyes of many in that country and one among them could have been Merodach, Nebuchadnezzer’s son (a presumptive reason as to why the King was released from prison immediately after Evil-Merodach became king of Babylon). From then on Jehoiachin became a close friend to King Merodach, was given a high position in the kingdom, dined with the King regularly and was supported by him till the day of his death. Through this life story of King Jehoiachin, the Book of Jeremiah comes to an end, elucidating to us the truth – Even in the most grim situations of life’s journey, there is hope for a comeback, when the Lord is with us. The Lord who delivered Joseph from his captivity, who released Jehoiachin from his imprisonment, will deliver and rebuild the lives of all who trust in Him, those who are broken-hearted, distressed and have lost hope. Trust in the Lord Jesus and look forward to the greater days in store for you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
