---
title: "‘Then he who is physically uncircumcised"
date: "2024-08-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then he who is physically uncircumcised but keeps the Law will condemn you who have the written code and circumcision but break the law’ (Romans 2:27)

---

### Reflection

We who by way of Baptism have become sons and daughters of the Kingdom….to whom the Commandment of Love has been given, who know God’s will and approve what is excellent (that which builds up and encourages), refrain from keeping His commandment, how much more do we present ourselves counter-witnesses to the Lord who loved us and died for us? Thus, St Paul explains this fundamental truth to believers that it is not the things outwardly, the bylaws of custom, tradition and living standards that mark us as worthy disciples, but those inwardly. Do we harbour in us the Spirit of love, the Spirit of encouragement, of unity, of mercy and compassion towards the one in sorrow and affliction? If not we have neither fulfilled the commandment of the Lord nor have we stored up treasures that portray richness in God’s sight. If the non-circumcision of his sons was considered a transgression (of Moses) by the Lord (Exodus 4:20), how more accountable would each one of us be held, to whom the Son of God was sent for our redemption? Let us ask Jesus to fill our hearts with His love and compassion, thereby leaving no room for the taunts of the corrupted flesh. In Jesus, we are blessed with everything, all gifts needed to lead a life of holiness in accordance with God’s will. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
