---
title: "‘When one of you has a"
date: "2024-09-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When one of you has a grievance against another, does he dare go to law before the unrighteous instead of the saints’ (1 Corinthians 6:1)

---

### Reflection

Paul’s concern for the believers in Corinth was that they took up their disputes before Civil courts or before unbelievers for an appropriate decision to be made, rather than approaching those authorized by the Church to direct God’s people. This situation is no different even today among Christ’s followers, but even more grim, when at times, one finds himself lurking in the dark for a just outcome for some of life’s daunting questions or issues. What could have so easily been settled, resolved/finalized, and concluded with a compassionate forgiving ‘inclusive’ attitude, is that which is often being dragged for reasons so frivolous. The kind of excuses (formalities and procedural mandates) we put across the table when it comes to matters like new registration in parishes of faithful believers or being part of faith communities could be one of form over substance. Often Canon 518 is overlooked on flimsy grounds - due to the ignorance of the public or merely to create a situation of public approval/disapproval to some or all. The Lord who stood with the outcasts, the poor, the rejected, and the marginalised, would never have approved of such a situation of dissent and division among men. Jesus went after the sick, the sinner, the possessed and vulnerable, knowing that He had come to deliver, to restore, to replenish, and redeem for eternity. Do we have any better reason to exterminate, exclude or divide the body of Christ? Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
