---
title: "‘Create in me a pure heart,"
date: "2024-05-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me’ (Psalm 51:10)

---

### Reflection

In this, I see the steadfast love, creativity, and faithfulness of the Lord towards me, that there is always something anew to learn from my world. The incredibility of nature, the versatility in people who surround me, the change of seasons, mood swings, disruptions, and change – remind me of how simplicity is so neatly woven into needed intricacies by the Creator. A grateful heart is open to exploring and imploring God about what creates contentment in life. Smothered with difficulties, challenges, trials and intrigues in life, the Great King David knew that power from the Lord was all that he needed to make each day fruitful for him and for the people he reigned over. He thus implored God to create in him a pure heart, one that followed closely after the heart of His Creator. In addition, he pleaded for steadfastness in spirit, for the boldness to make the right decisions at the right time and without fret or fear. If our hearts are likewise created pure, and our Spirits revived for action each day, how easy would even the most burdening tasks in life turn out to be for us? Let us pray for the broadening of our hearts, to expand our productivity, creativity and purpose of life; and to execute every task entrusted to us in thankfulness always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
