---
title: "‘Let me hear joy and gladness,"
date: "2024-08-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Let me hear joy and gladness, let the bones that you have broken rejoice’ (Psalm 51:8)

---

### Reflection

The roots of good, evil, life and death take origin in one’s mind, the consequences of which are experienced in the body. A wholesome mind is a medicine to the soul and the body. The power of the subconscious mind, a mystery to Science and Psychology has helped people retain their calm and composure and relapse to normal living, even when afflicted by untold sufferings. It is sin and transgression that has created so much unrest and bewilderment in our world, thereby characterizing it as an Imperfect one. Sin disrupted the harmony and rhythm of the human mind and soul, thereby interfering with the otherwise healthy functioning of the body. But God in all His wisdom, tried to convince mankind that where sin abounded, grace overflowed even more. Man was and is always incapable of restoring himself, or even protecting himself from the influences of the evil. The Son of God came that mankind may be re-established – Through His untold sufferings on the Cross, Jesus claimed for us a new beginning, a new heart, soul and Spirit – that we may rejoice and be grateful to God for His great deeds on our behalf. Without God knowing, nothing has transpired in our life, and without his tacit consent, there has been no untoward in our life. All that He has caused to occur in our life’s journey was in synch with His great plans for our welfare. This David, the Psalmist believed and proclaimed though he was overwhelmed by guilt, shame and the burden of his sinfulness. Let us therefore, admit our inadequacies, triviality and frivolousness before our Lord, who knows us and wills to redeem us. Let us pray to the Lord for greater joy and strength in our body and soul, to be a Blessing to those around us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
