---
title: "‘Now to Him who is able"
date: "2024-06-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Now to Him who is able to establish you in accordance with my Gospel, the message I proclaim about Jesus Christ, in keeping with the revelation of the mystery hidden for long ages….so that all the Gentiles might come to the obedience that comes from faith’ (Romans 16:25,26)

---

### Reflection

Today God’s Word asks You and me to ‘Believe’ that ‘He can establish you’ according to the promises of His Word. That the Gospel was all about Him - Jesus Christ, about the mystery that was hidden for ages from mankind. This mystery God did permit to be revealed to His Chosen people through the various prophets. Their prophesies were written down by the command of God, that these may open the inner eyes of all men to what God has accomplished for them and what He intends to do for them. Over time, Jesus incarnated among the human race, to unveil before mankind the truth of God’s love and concern for them. This, He proclaimed through the Gospel, that they were no more enslaved to death and sin. What more do we need to be convinced of God’s favour to those who trust in Him? We who were Gentiles were drawn to the Obedience that comes from faith in Jesus Christ because God loved us so dearly. And for all who love the Lord, those whom He has called for His purpose, everything in their life will change for the better (Romans 8:28) This is our promise for a new beginning today. May God be praised and revered in all our deeds and works this day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
