---
title: "'The one who is righteous will"
date: "2024-12-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> 'The one who is righteous will live by faith' (Galatians 3:11)

---

### Reflection

To live by faith, this is the vocation you and I have received and been called to work on each day. This means that we go about engaging in all our tasks with sincerity and dedication, having our trust reposed in the Almighty. That He, our provider will ensure we lack nothing, we are protected from the snares of the evil, we will succeed because of the righteousness we have obtained in Jesus. Not that we have scrupulously worked to abide by God's laws and ways....there have been times we failed and that too miserably after many resolutions and efforts to change. But even when we were sinners, the mercy of the Lord hovered upon us to enlighten us towards repentance and a come back. The Holy Spirit reveals to us the enormous price for which we were reclaimed by Jesus, so that from now on, we offer our lives to Christ and He lives in us. Amid all intimidating situations of life, we are comforted by His Spirit of consolation, that after a while we would be strengthened, affirmed and established by the Lord Himself. Therefore to believe that all things will transform for the better, however grim, however disoriented or disheartening - is what it takes to gain righteousness before the Lord. This is simply what St Paul explained to live by faith and be considered righteous. The Lord has a special plan in place for you and me, so let's befriend Him, seeking support for every endeavour in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
