---
title: "‘Put on the new self, which"
date: "2024-12-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge after the image of its Creator’ (Colossians 3:10)

---

### Reflection

A renewal of the heart is what the Holy Spirit asks of us today and emphasizes that we must earnestly pray for. To be renewed in knowledge each day to conform with the image of our Creator. God chose us, redeemed us through His Son Jesus Christ, as sons of the Heavenly kingdom, that we may be holy and blameless before Him. To resonate the spirit of compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness, and patience – all that we have received freely from the Most High, these we have been asked to give freely. To give freely to those in our homes, in our workplaces, in communities, and Churches, just as we were given them. Not that we earned the favour of God through our works or meritorious living, but because God loved us so much and intended that we must be saved. Through this Grace we have been saved, thus St Paul in his epistle to the Ephesians reminds us. Thus let us transform every moment of our day into a holy encounter with those around us. The feast of the Holy Family, we celebrate today, reminds us of the kind of attitude we need to uphold as sons of the kingdom. To put Christ Jesus first before all, then to do all things for the sake of His love, to build, encourage, support and love – to bring in harmony in our spaces, so that the fragrance of Christ, and His peace may radiate through us. Let us pray for this grace of transformation on this feast day – Not to be conformed to the ways of this world, but to be inspired to action every moment by the whispers of the Holy Spirit in us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
