---
title: "‘Wake up! Strengthen what remains and"
date: "2024-11-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Wake up! Strengthen what remains and is about to die, for I have found your deeds unfinished in the sight of my God’ (Revelation 3:2)

---

### Reflection

Today the Spirit of the Lord emphasizes the need for growing in virtues – the seven Spirits as Chapter 3 of the Book of Revelation begins with. These seven Spirits are the ‘characteristics’ of God Himself, the sum of all three Theological virtues and the four Cardinal virtues. These are prudence, justice, temperance, fortitude, faith, hope and charity. To the Church of Sardis, an active fruitful Church founded in the late 1st century by St John or by his disciples (as tradition explains), the Lord chastises the believers of the Church, asking them to wake up from their slumber, to enliven all that is dead or extinct in them, so that their deeds may win them everlasting remembrance in the Book of life. It was not that these believers in Jesus Christ were unaware of their Christian responsibilities of charity, built upon faith in the Lord and hope in His reward during His second coming. They were well aware and were doers of the Word of God, they were fervent in their Spiritual practices, did show up for worship regularly. In the eyes of the world – they were the best community or people that anyone would love to be part of. And here comes the irony, though they possessed the best, anointing was dwindling among these people, thus many of the deeds (works of charity) they indulged in turned mediocre, lacking grace, and filled with distortions, guile, and vanity. These believers were asked to hold fast to the Word of God that was made known to them, renew themselves, repent, and seek Grace from the Lord to perfect all that they were doing. The Word of God is ‘Power’, like a double-edged sword, that pierces through, intervenes, and renews the hearts, flesh, and works of men. It is from here that one is strengthened to persevere his call, to invest his talents and traits, to discard the weeds (those sowed by the Evil one) to thereby produce fruit that would bring glory to God and support the lives of many. Jesus asks you to pause in life a bit, step back and garner strength from the Word and then renew our actions from the love of the Lord. You are called to be the wonder-worker for the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
