---
title: "‘Better is the sight of the"
date: "2024-09-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire’ (Ecclesiastes 6:9)

---

### Reflection

In a commercial-oriented materialist society, what creates purpose for living is possessions, fascinations, dreams, and desires for novelty. Imaginations and desires never limit themselves unless intentionally curtailed or bridled by a thoughtful mind. It is always better to be content with what we have been blessed with, or what we ‘have’ than to be lurking around for things we do not have. Every individual is so unique and incredible a creation, that how he perceives and makes sense of occurrences in life may seem amazing. The human being has been given this power of co-creating with His Creator that: from the little, the oblivious, the subtle, and the negligible, does emerge something comprehensive, interesting, not just pleasing to the senses but also highly beneficial to mankind. It is in being conscious/aware of the little at hand that one acquires the skill of improvising and improving himself. Therefore, rather than impressing upon what others may think about us, what You and I are called to be worried about is how better we could grow by making use of the God given resources at hand. More than looking at others or into the world at large, let us find time for ourselves in shaping and honing ourselves, what could define us the better, and what could be done more in ourselves to outpace the real person in me. let us pray for insight and wisdom from above. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
