---
title: "‘Who shall separate us from the"
date: "2024-12-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?’ (Romans 8:35)

---

### Reflection

Because Jesus has turned us ‘more than’ conquerors through His love for us, therefore, with St Paul, we too can proclaim that none can separate us from the love of Christ. In this life’s journey, tribulations, distress, persecution, famine, deprivation, or peril may come, these can impact us upside down. All the joy of yesteryears may be forgotten by a moment of adversity that might have crept in ‘all of a sudden’ from nowhere. It is so easy to succumb to the pressures of distress and sorrow, that lead us to a realization of how weak and vulnerable we are. Without the Lord with us, we are weak, disabled, deprived, and defeated. It is His love for us that has sustained us all to this day. With Him, we have everything we need to be conquerors in this world. Today the Holy Spirit asks us to reflect on the love of the Lord, His accompaniment in every stage of our life, His timely provision for us, though many dear and near may have failed to understand our needs and His concern for our welfare every new day. Lord Jesus, I pray for the grace to be consumed by your love, to always walk under your mighty protection, to turn to you whenever I get disappointed and hopeless, and to do the things you desire of me each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
