---
title: "‘Of those whom You gave me,"
date: "2024-11-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Of those whom You gave me, I have lost not one’ (John 18:9)

---

### Reflection

Jesus led his disciples to the garden that lay beyond the brook Kidron, there He prayed with his beloved disciples. He knew well of what was to take place soon. The pain and grief of being betrayed by the one whom he loved dearly, his concern for the lives of his disciples whom the Father had given Him – He knew that they (His sheep) would be scattered that night, in fulfillment of the Scriptures. So to the very last, He protected them. To the soldiers and the Pharisees who drew near to arrest Him, Jesus tells them that He was the ‘Jesus of Nazareth’ whom they had come in search of. The moment they heard the words of Jesus, they drew back and fell to the ground. The grace of God, ‘His power’ was experienced by these men (soldiers and those who had come to arrest Jesus), so that they may not harm His disciples. Then Jesus spoke to them, if You are looking for me, let these men go. We read thus, that Jesus was arrested and His disciples fled that night, unharmed by the authorities. Every time the name of Jesus of Nazareth is uttered in our midst – at our homes, institutions, places of worship, and so on, there is power, there is saving grace that flows to redeem all His disciples – You and me. Jesus made sure that none of those whom His Father had entrusted Him were harmed or lost. What about those whom the Lord has entrusted into our care and to us? Do we care for them selflessly? Have we received them thankfully from the hands of our Lord? Remember, every gift from the Lord, He gives from His heart, the moment we realize, we are capacitated to pray and support all whom the Lord has given to our care, setting aside their shortcomings and failures. The Grace of God has appeared to save all mankind and ‘We’ have been empowered by this Grace to love and serve as Jesus did. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
