---
title: "‘ He sets aside the first"
date: "2024-04-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘ He sets aside the first to establish the second’ (Hebrews 10:9)

---

### Reflection

What was this first that was set aside by the Lord Jesus? These were all the rites, rituals of burnt offerings, sin offerings, and sacrifices that were prescribed by the Laws of Moses. These were to be ardently followed to be justified by the Law. The Merciful Father (God) willed that mankind be purged from their sins, and be saved without these burdensome offerings made frequently because these could not suffice for the transgressions and cleanse them from their sins. Here is where the second was established by Jesus Christ, through his sacrifice on the Cross. By that only offering of Himself in Eternity for all mankind, the will of God for the Salvation of all men was fulfilled. The second which reinstated us to our former glory was the blood of Jesus (the innocent Lamb of God). For all that we have been bequeathed in Jesus, how could we ever be thankful to the Father? By doing His will in our lives, as Jesus did. The will of God for us is this – as verse 22 of the same chapter explains to us – to draw near to God with a sincere heart, filled with assurance of faith, with a clear conscience and in the purity of the body. And our unwavering faith would support this gesture in us, for we are reminded that the One who has called us is ‘faithful’ to all that He has promised us. Let us therefore honor God by living that sacrifice of praise, let us pray for a heart that is obliging to God, that is thankful and filled with the assurance of His promises for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
