---
title: "‘Let us fall into the hands"
date: "2024-05-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Let us fall into the hands of the Lord and not into the hands of mortals, For equal to his majesty is his mercy; and equal to his name are his works’ (Sirach 2:18)

---

### Reflection

Today’s Word from the Lord insists on the need to always trust the Lord. To trust in the Lord would mean being convinced that He would take care of everything in its due time. But this comes with certain conditions being fulfilled from our end. Firstly, there is a need for this one to fear the Lord. Fear of the Lord is a gift that God’s Spirit pours into one’s heart by which he is able to distinguish between the ordinary and the holy, to revere the consecrated and humbly submit to God’s will. The second condition we would need to practice in our lives is ensuring righteousness in our ways and deeds. To wait for God is the third element that one who trusts in the Lord would need to imbibe in himself. Waiting unto the Lord is the most difficult among the aspects that constitute ‘trust’. For it is so likely for us men (with all our flaws and weaknesses) to sway, to stray when situations prove adverse and inconducive to a peaceful existence. In this juncture, God’s Word through this Chapter of the Book of Sirach reminds us of generations of old – if anyone who has trusted in the Lord has ever been disappointed or forsaken by Him? Men may reject, dislike or even deceive us on account of their emotions and perceptions, but which the Lord can never do to His beloved. Our Lord is a compassionate, merciful God, who forgives, upholds and saves at times of distress. Therefore, as Kind David did once resolve to offer himself to the Lord than trust in the goodwill of men, let us also learn to place our hearts and be strengthened in the Lord, to bequeath of His great works of mercy and majesty for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
