---
title: "‘Therefore let us be grateful for"
date: "2024-08-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore let us be grateful for receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, and thus let us offer to God acceptable worship, with reverence and awe, for our God is consuming fire’ (Hebrews 12:28,29)

---

### Reflection

To partake in a Kingdom that cannot be shaken, You and I have been chosen in Jesus Christ; to uphold a position that cannot be destroyed by any on earth – thieves or moth or whatever that eat into the treasures of this world, our God has made ourselves worthy in Jesus. The New Covenant founded on the blood of Jesus, speaks in favour of us as a mediator before the Father. We often take light of the gathering, the assembly of innumerable angels, first born in Heaven, the righteous Spirits that dwell in High places of Heaven and of the Almighty before whom we come each day to make our sacrifice with Jesus’s sacrifice at the Altar. The author of the Letter to the Hebrews explains how Jesus simplified all the intricacies of the Old Covenant - the inaccessibility to the Holy of Holies, the sound of the trumpet, blazing fire, the tempest – all that frightened God’s people of Old to approach Him for a blessing. We can be proud of this privilege to approach so awesome a God, because of the blood of Jesus shed once and for all in Eternity for our sins and for the sins of all. Each time we approach the precincts of the Sanctuary of the Church, You and I are to remember the price paid by the Lord for our redemption. How could we repay God for this gift of grace? How much more obedient to His Commandments must our lives reflect each day? Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
