---
title: "‘But they soon forgot His works;"
date: "2024-09-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But they soon forgot His works; they did not wait for His Counsel’ (Psalm 106:13)

---

### Reflection

‘They’ were just like us, ‘fallible’ human beings, not that they renounced their faith in the Lord. They were the chosen of God, His treasured possession, the people whom the Lord redeemed from Egyptian slavery, those who saw signs and miracles while traversing the Red Sea, those who were meant to inherit the Promised land – Canaan. But what befell them is what is interesting. Though these were witnesses to God’s mighty deeds and wonder works, at times of crisis (as it happens to You and me) they succumbed to the temptation of relying on themselves, on the ways of the world, on following the inclination of their intellect and thoughts, rather than asking God what would suit them the most. They believed the reason why they could not withstand their enemies was because they had no King to rule over them which all other nations had. The reason why they were not socially or culturally prominent, (they believed) was because they had no rituals and practices the other nations had. Therefore they yearned to adopt the ways of others, forgetting that they were a distinct people, chosen to be set apart, they failed to prioritize the counsel of the Lord to the opinion of the crowds - thereby setting themselves to unheeded hardships and difficulties in life. Had they listened to the Lord, awaited His advise, and guided themselves in obedience to it, how much more privileged and smooth their lives would have been? To us these pose a super example of what it means to trust in the Lord. Do we lead lives in obedience to the promptings of the Holy Spirit? or Do we merely satisfy the desires and wishes of our heart as and when they prop up? Let us meditate and pray. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
