---
title: "‘I want you to be wise"
date: "2024-07-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I want you to be wise as to what is good and innocent as to what is evil’ (Romans 16:19)

---

### Reflection

We have got into believing and accepting that acquiring life skills would mean imbibing all kinds of knowledge without a basic distinction between good and evil. This has had its influence upon our parenting techniques and tips to the extent that often we teach our children ‘survival skills’ by compromising the most needed virtues of truthfulness, faithfulness, and sincerity. Development of one’s personality would mean learning to be more humane, by building up on one’s strengths, identifying the opportunities that knock at our doors not so frequently, and working on mitigating the risks/threats associated with our weaknesses. This awareness of oneself helps us to accumulate what is good and let go of that which hurts and degrades our being. It is Divine wisdom that supports ‘personality development’ and thus God’s Word reminds us that the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. The fear of the Lord distances us from sin – all circumstances, objects, people and cognition that justifies what is wrong. In this perspective, what we and what our posterity needs to be groomed in - is an inquisitiveness that is not distorted, that which abides by the order of nature, the Divine laws, rest assured, this knowledge will guide our consciences to choose the good over bad and triumph in all situations of trial. Jesus desires our growth and transformation into His likeness, the Wisdom of the Universe. Lord, grace us to perceive as you did, to choose good over even the slightest of evil. To be doors of Your Word, to rejoice in excellence, than in modestly defending any vices, for there can be only one absolute truth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
