---
title: "‘In the Spirit and power of"
date: "2024-06-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In the Spirit and power of Elijah, to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the disobedient to the wisdom of the Just, to make ready for the Lord a people prepared’ (Luke 1:17)

---

### Reflection

St John, the Baptiser had a mission in life. Today’s Word from the Lord summarises his purpose of living on earth as to bring about a people prepared for the Lord. It was a highly inclusive group that included every section of society – the young, children, the elderly, and people from all walks of life. What God envisaged for mankind’s Salvation was always ‘inclusive’, ‘equalitarian’ and ‘just’. It called for the turning of hearts of parents towards their children in a way the Lord desired of; the repentance of children and their honoring their parents in a way emulative to all and glorious to God; the return of humility in place of all arrogance, hatred, divisiveness and selfish ambitions. A Just order in the world is what God envisioned about the human race, but what defied this marvelous plan of God – disobedience and lack of trustworthiness in men. When men began to figure out what they felt would suit them the best, to define their modus operandi to get things done, to imbibe a personality they felt was alluring and desirous to their hearts, they abandoned God’s purpose about themselves and invited numerous troubles, those unheeded of to anyone. What we often tend to forget is that our ways and thoughts are much lower than the ways and wisdom of the Lord. His vision about us and His plan for our well-being are above board and beyond compare. He sees us in our most perfect selves, unlike the way we look into ourselves or the way others think of us. If so, If the God of the Universe has such a distinct, remarkable plan for us, why not we adhere to his set of commandments, His way of love, and the truth that He has taught us – that apart from Him, we are nothing. May the Spirit of Jesus enlighten us today, with the vigour and power of Elijah, of the prophets, to put on the mind of Jesus Christ and do the will of God always, Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
