---
title: "‘And raised us up with Him"
date: "2024-07-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And raised us up with Him and seated us with Him in the Heavenly places in Christ Jesus, so that in the coming ages He might show the immeasurable riches of His Grace in kindness towards us in Christ Jesus’ (Ephesians 2:6,7)

---

### Reflection

What we have become in Christ Jesus is but the immeasurable riches of His Grace. We were elevated to ‘Sonship’ in Jesus, by God the Father, though we were dead in our trespasses. He gave us life – a dignified state of life. We have access to the Father in His Spirit; we are therefore no longer strangers and aliens, but fellow citizens with the Saints and members of God’s household. Here is where we identify ‘Who’ we are and ‘how we ought to conduct ourselves in our real identity?’ Going by the standards of this world would not work for us, for the protocols of this world are inapplicable to God’s Kingdom. The tenets of the Sermon on the Mount of Jesus are our abiding principles, the foundation we build up for generations to come. Today, God invites us to look into ourselves, to perceive how special we are in the eyes of God, of the uniqueness of roles we play in our world, those that were predestined in Jesus, before the foundations of the world – those good deeds to be fulfilled through our lives alone. In Jesus, each day, You and I are being built into a dwelling place for God by the Holy Spirit. Let us thank God for this indescribable gift (love and mercy) towards us, that which has seated us with Him in the Heavenly places through Jesus, so that we would learn to channelize this same mercy to those who seek of us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
