---
title: "‘But if through my lie God’s"
date: "2024-05-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But if through my lie God’s truth abounds to his glory, why am I still being condemned as a sinner?’ (Romans 3:7)

---

### Reflection

The Created – the Universe, Paradise, and its upkeep was given to mankind. The Law, the prophets and the Oracles of God were given to the Jews, but they were unable to manifest obedience to the given Word in fullness. God knew this flaw in mankind, that in themselves they were unable to demonstrate fidelity to the truth; they were easily swayed towards evil and what was unbecoming to God. Therefore, He decided to extend Himself to them to reinstate them to their needed perfection. This God did through sending His Only-begotten Son, Jesus to save mankind from its sinfulness and reclaim them as adopted Sons into His Kingdom. Man’s waywardness became a cause for God’s mercy to be unveiled in abundance. Therefore, perceiving the will of God, St Paul reminds us, as he spoke to the believers in Rome, that even one’s state of helplessness, sinfulness or blame cannot be an obstacle for God’s grace to outpour on him, provided he repented of his sinfulness. A sense of contriteness or remorse for having offended God because of our misdeeds or omission to do the right is what God expects of You and me when we turn to Him for mercy. It is not towards self-hatred or condemnation or guilt that the Holy Spirit inspires us to renew ourselves today, but in increased love for the Lord, for what He has done for our behalf and how better we could reform our ways to please the Lord. Lord we pray that our lives be true witnesses to your glory to all men. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
