---
title: "‘To be ready for every good"
date: "2024-07-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘To be ready for every good work, to speak evil of no one, to avoid quarreling, to be gentle, and to show perfect courtesy toward all people.’ (Titus 3:1-2)

---

### Reflection

To devote ourselves to good works – this is why we have been saved by Jesus. We who were once unworthy, because of the works of the flesh in us (disobedience, faithlessness, malice, envy, hatred, sinful passions, etc.) were redeemed, washed, regenerated, and renewed in the Holy Spirit through the love of the Lord. We have been justified by His Grace, not by our effort or desire, and have been made heirs of His Kingdom, replenished in the hope of ‘Eternity. After having received countless blessings from the Lord, what He asks of us is just this – To speak evil of no one, to avoid quarreling, to be gentle, to be courteous to others, to forebear patiently the shortcomings of others, to indulge in no worthless talk of genealogies, in creating dissensions or quarrels. This is the Gospel message that Jesus inspires You and me today – Do to others, what you desire others to do to you. How different and incredible a place to live in would the world turn out to be, if we did obey this commandment of the Lord. Let us sincerely yearn to love one another, be a bit more merciful to the other, and avoid divisions and discontentful talk among us. The Good Lord opens His heart to shower upon us His choicest blessings, those we never thought of asking from Him. May His Spirit inspire us to be a better version of our self today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
