---
title: "‘Then the kingdom of Heaven will"
date: "2024-09-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then the kingdom of Heaven will be like ten virgins who took their lamps and went to meet the bridegroom’ (Matthew 25:1)

---

### Reflection

In the previous chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, Jesus taught his disciples the signs of the end times, how unexpected his second coming would be, and the need to be always prepared as believers. Thus, he continued with another parable – The parable of the Ten Virgins. These ten were equally invited to the grand wedding feast of the bridegroom. The event was sure to happen, but at what time, none could tell. This is why Jesus explained metaphorically in chapter 24 that ‘If’ the master of the house had known at what time the thief would be coming, he would have stayed awake and not let his house be broken into. Similar was the situation of Jesus’s second coming, for when it occurs, each would be judged according to his state of action. The readiness of a person would mean his tenacity to admit, accept, and correct the flaws of daily living. In His wisdom, God knew the frailty and insecurity in mankind, that they were so prone to temptation and sin. Even the little good that they could think of was but the Divine inspiration working in them. Therefore man needed checks and balances in life to direct him smoothly towards his destination. The lamps the virgins held were these signposts – ‘the Sacraments’ that help man to stay connected with God even in the dark. But these were to be polished, put to recurrent usage, imbibed with a heart of content and ‘preparedness’ so that even in the most unwitting of life’s circumstances these could be our saving light. The Sacraments are visible signs of God’s invisible grace overshadowing our lives. But when these become a ‘grooved in’ schedule in daily life, in the absence of ‘faith’(the fire that consumes our living offerings before the Lord), we fail to assimilate the grace that is poured through each encounter with the Lord. We become like those foolish virgins (five of them) who failed to carry flasks of oil needed to light the lamp of their lives, which proved fatal and depressing.  Today, Jesus tells you and me ‘Be dressed for action and keep your lamps lit always’ Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
