---
title: "‘When Christ came into the world,"
date: "2024-12-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When Christ came into the world, He said, ‘Sacrifices and offerings you have not desired, but a body have you prepared for me’ (Hebrews 10:5)

---

### Reflection

It is the will of the Father that we celebrate and honor every Christmas. The will that mankind must be cleansed once and for all from sin; sanctified, and engendered their position of glory – Sons of the Heavenly Kingdom. For this the Son of God became ‘man’, taking our resemblance, to offer to the Heavenly Father the price that was to be made for liberating all mankind. This is why Jesus made clear to us that not in sacrifices, burnt offerings and sin offerings is God pleased. These are what the Law prescribed to be offered to God to receive pardon for transgressions. The Law is but a shadow of the good things yet to come, that God wanted His people to reflect upon. No law, nor sacrifice of bulls or animals pay for the atonement of sins. The good that was yet to come is this - that God sent His only Son to the world, to save us, to redeem us from the clutches of sin, to wash away our wounds, the consequences of sin. Every Christmas brings to us this message of hope – that however dark and clouted our beings may seem before the world – Jesus has already obtained for us the grace of transformation, of unity with the Father, of fellowship and citizenship in His kingdom, and the power to overcome all these negativities, by that ‘one’ and only ‘one’ sacrifice of His on the Cross. Let us embolden ourselves with more faith and love in the Lord Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
