---
title: "‘As it is written: What no"
date: "2024-06-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘As it is written: What no eye has seen, what no ear has heard, and what no human mind has conceived – the things God has prepared for those who love Him’ (1 Corinthians 2:9)

---

### Reflection

And what are those things that God has prepared for those who love Him? The Spirit of the Lord reveals to us these things through the mouth of the prophets – He sets up our Salvation as walls and bulwarks (that no oppressor may intrude or infiltrate); He opens the Gates for the righteous to enter (His faithfulness that is experienced by the one who is pure in heart); In perfect peace, He sustains those whose minds are set upon Him (the inner peace that He instills in us even when things go haywire). And all our works were those that He had worked on our behalf (for the sake of His love for us); that the nations may know that we are His vineyard; The Lord its keeper, who nourishes and sustains it day and night. Would there be thorns and briers, He would battle them out and Jacob shall blossom and bear fruit. This is God’s message for you and me today – That when the Lord is foremost in our lives, we will be preserved as His cherished vineyard. Let us pray to be filled with the mind of Jesus Christ, to be led by His Spirit; to embrace the freedom that Jesus’s Spirit gives us. May this Word bear fruit in your lives, especially in the darkest corners of your mind. May you be renewed in the hope that comes from the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
