---
title: "‘Fear not Daniel, for from the"
date: "2024-07-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Fear not Daniel, for from the first day that you set your heart to understand and humbled yourself before your God, your words have been heard, and I have come because of your words’ (Daniel 10:12)

---

### Reflection

However learned and intelligent we may be, or perceive ourselves of being, there is always space for ‘Divine understanding’ and ‘wisdom’ in our hearts. And when understanding from above possesses us, we are transformed. It is into a heart, that offers itself to be moulded that this Divine intervention occurs. You and I can claim to have every worldly possession but still wallow in discontent and distress merely because we are devoid of the loving countenance of the Lord. We distance ourselves from the loving-kindness of the Lord when we are self-sufficient in ourselves, proud of our successes/achievements, take credit for all the graces showered upon us, or even deny appreciating the good in others, those whom the Lord loves as well. Jesus knows our every weakness and thus forgives us whenever we make a sincere comeback. But the latter can be hard unless we are able to free ourselves from the strongholds that tend to keep us captive in our wrong notions. This is what Jesus does for you and me, who thirst to love Him – He delivers us from all that prevents us from growing unto Him, the epitome of Wisdom. Deliverance is yours, O Lord, the psalmist prayed with this realization in heart. Therefore, the Holy Spirit inspires us today to set our hearts on what is firm and solid, that which can deliver us, set us free – the Rock – Jesus Christ. From the very first day we set our hearts to understand and humble ourselves before the Lord, every unanswered prayer will find its answer and every desire and hope unfulfilled will see its fulfillment. This is God’s lovely promise for you in Jesus. May your minds learn to unwrap from its comfort zone to garb that which is more valuable for its well-being. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
