---
title: "‘No one can receive anything except"
date: "2024-08-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘No one can receive anything except what has been given from Heaven’ (John 3:27)

---

### Reflection

Through John the Baptist, the Holy Spirit made known to all mankind, what determined success in a person’s life. What is given to You and me from above is where we are called to focus our attention and direct our efforts. Each of us is given gifts – diverse and varied, congenial to our vocation or purpose in life. It is the Lord Jesus who has endowed us with ‘grace’ (His) that manifests in skillfulness and versatility in us. Quite often we limit ourselves, by looking into the other and brooding over their blessings, envying them and thereby creating a divide in our communities and societies. This is what Jesus tried to explain through the parable of the Talents. The three servants were entrusted with five, two, and one talents by their master, according to their ability. The master was assured of their stewardship and faithfulness when he chose these servants with whom he entrusted his property. That, they would make use of their capabilities to enhance and guard the wealth entrusted to them was the expectation he had of them. To him, the one entrusted with merely ‘one’ talent could be shouldering a greater responsibility, as he could only possibly safeguard and enhance the talent given to him with his specific skillsets. It was here that the latter miserably failed to realize his worth, the potential his master saw in him. If our hearts are opened to understand how much cherished and valued we are before our Creator, there would be no reason for us to prove our significance before men, but we would always be motivated to seek the fullfilment of God’s will and His Will alone through this life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
