---
title: "‘When I called, You answered me;"
date: "2024-08-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When I called, You answered me; You greatly emboldened me’ (Psalm 138:3)

---

### Reflection

Let us pray this morning for strength, for the reinforcement of our being. To take up all responsibilities of the day, to take challenges in a stride, to persevere through hardships and disappointments even if the going has been tough for years, with the confidence that God gives us today. The psalmist (David) thanked the Lord for His graciousness towards him, for His unfailing presence that made him great. He called the Lord, the source of his strength. Where do you and I seek the comfort of our souls – in people around us, in wealth, in places of authority or influence that tower over our weak existences? Had the Lord not permitted, none of these would have remained with us today. With all the awareness within, we still tend to ridicule those who lack possessions on earth. This hypocrisy in us, Jesus condemns, He reminds us that one’s life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions (Luke 12:15) Therefore, let us look into ourselves, pay more attention to God’s Word – to discern if our souls have been tainted by greed and covetousness, if so it has lost its strength to thrive in the disruptions and uncertainties of this world. Let us turn to Jesus for a recharge and for the strength to remain resilient in all situations of life. The incidents of natural furies, calamities and setbacks from nature remind us to return to our stronghold – the Lord, rather than question Him. To garner strength from Him is our everyday call. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
