---
title: "‘You will succeed in whatever you"
date: "2024-11-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You will succeed in whatever you choose to do, and light will shine on the road ahead of you’ (Job 22:28)

---

### Reflection

Because of the love of Jesus for you, you will succeed in whatever endeavour you choose to take up from now on. Your road ahead will be bright and lighted, because He goes before you, to level the mountains, the obstacles that may deter your journey. He will make your footsteps firm and in broad daylight will you walk. All these are the promises the Lord gives to the ‘One’ who honors Him, who reveres God before any other. The ‘one’ who has perceived the true meaning of what it is to love. You and I love those who love and consider us, those who are worthy to be loved (according to human standards), Our human hearts are incapable of loving another irrespective of his worth (power, money, influence and reciprocity). But every man is loved by His Creator, has been redeemed by the precious blood of His Creator, ‘All’ because he is loved by the Most-High. Do we have a claim before the Lord for disregarding or rejecting some? Let us ask Jesus to fill us with His love, His humility that made Him reach down to us on earth, to reclaim us to the Heavens with the Father. You and I are called to look at ‘Him’ and to ‘where’ He has called us to be, not to the trivial things around that keep us glued down, vying and battling with one another for nothing. May we be reminded of this special love of the Lord for us, the light that leads us through. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
