---
title: "‘Christ redeemed us from the curse"
date: "2024-12-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us’ (Galatians 3:13)

---

### Reflection

‘We’ whom the Lord knows are fallible, i.e., unable to obey the given ‘law’ or ‘commandment’, are given a privilege – a share in the numerous blessings accorded to the righteous Father Abraham. What Abraham expressed throughout his life, in word and deed was trust in the unfailing promise of God, that purported him righteous before God. That God is able and would bring into existence a perpetual place of habitation for His dear ones, that God would give him off-springs who would possess the promised land, that God is his wealth and abundance – all that he needed while living as a nomad in the promised land. And we become sons of this father Abraham, by faith in Jesus Christ. Because in Jesus, You and I receive ‘all’ the promises in Heaven and on earth, those material and spiritual– those given to Abraham. To God the Father, it didn’t matter whether we were Greek, Roman, Jew, or gentile, whether man or woman, whether we were outcasts, sinners or ridiculed by men, whatever be our curse, sinfulness, guilt or situation. To inherit ‘Eternity’ we are only to believe in Jesus Christ, His Son - who was sent to this world, in the form of man, to redeem man from all bondages. Believe in Jesus today, call upon His ‘powerful’ name, and we would like Abraham become justified before God, all because of what Jesus paid for us on the Cross. On the Cross was taken our shame, guilt, sin, curse, sickness, and all that deterred us……He nailed them to the Cross as the Eternal sacrifice to the Father, so that mankind may be redeemed, set free, and live as free citizens of the Heavenly Kingdom. Not by might, influence, intellect, or good works, we have become sons of the Heavenly Father, but by Jesus, who loved us and gave us everything through the Cross and by the Holy Spirit poured into our hearts at the foot of His Cross. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
