---
title: "‘I will go before you and"
date: "2024-06-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will go before you and level exalted places, I will break in pieces the doors of bronze and cut through the bars of iron’ (Isaiah 45:2)

---

### Reflection

God promises His protection this new day to you and me, who keenly await His Word. The Lord will go before You, He will cast away all obstacles in our path, and level all winding roads, making them easily accessible for our success. Isaiah’s prophesy of old was meant for King Cyrus, God’s chosen one. He was instrumental in delivering the exiled Judeans from Babylon after having taken over the city and its fortifications in conquest. King Cyrus, who knew not of the God of Israel became God’s great witness before the nations. In the post-exilic era, the King is said to have proclaimed this Divine intervention in his life that which he experienced, which made him supernaturally powerful before the greatest empires of the times. This Word from the Lord is for our remembrance and strength today. When distraught by the torments and trials of the world, by hindrances and insecurities that render us timid, we must declare this Word of power to our circumstances and ourselves. That It is God who goes before us each day, with the intent of making our paths smooth. All that may emerge in the course of the day, that which oppresses He will not permit to overpower us. Cyrus, the King was victorious in fulfilling His God-given task of Israel’s deliverance, so would You and I emerge successful in all that we have been entrusted with. With Jesus at our side, we are more than conquerors. Stay with us Lord, through the day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
