---
title: "‘Maintain justice and do what is"
date: "2024-06-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Maintain justice and do what is right, for my Salvation is close at hand and my righteousness will soon be revealed’ (Isaiah 56:1)

---

### Reflection

The righteousness of the Lord, His Salvation that girdles us with strength, that anoints one with gladness of heart, that wraps one in His righteousness is at work for You and me. This is not earned by one by way of his works, but conferred to the humble and upright who trust in His name. The pre-condition that God puts forth for man’s redemption is to maintain justice and do what is right to those given to our care. But justice has a deeper meaning when spoken from the mouth of the Lord. It would mean complying with God’s will and His character, rather than leaning on one’s intellectual inclination and reasoning. For what may seem right in one’s sight, may have a different version and perspective in another’s bend of mind. It is love and mercy that would need to outplay the limitations of laws, regulations, and the ways of the world. Today, Jesus reminds us of the triviality of the opinions of the crowds, to pick up the courage and conviction to think beyond and with the Lord. So, let us stop judging, but praying for those around us, offering them to the love of Jesus and rest assured, He will take care. The Salvation of the Lord and His righteousness that shines brighter than daylight is at hand for you and me. This is God’s message of love and hope for the new day. May You and I triumph in God’s Salvation, His love for us, surrendering ourselves for His greater works. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
