---
title: "‘As for the rich in this"
date: "2024-07-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘As for the rich in this present age, charge them not to be haughty, not to set their hopes on the uncertainty of riches, but on God, who richly provides us with everything to enjoy. They are to do good, to be rich in good works, to be generous and ready to share thus storing up treasure for themselves as a good foundation for the future, so that they may take hold of that which is truly life’ (1 Timothy 6:17-18)

---

### Reflection

Today’s Word from the Lord reminds us that God entrusts a higher responsibility to those who are ‘rich’ in this present age. To do good, to be generous, ready to share with those in need and thus to claim for themselves a treasure for Eternity. Being utterly generous, as God’s Word exhorts us may at times prove difficult - firstly because we live in an imperfect world and are often gripped by the human tendency to seek recognition or approval from men around us. Secondly, to be overtly generous may seem unfeasible also when for all the years of tireless toil and faithfulness in living, we felt we were taken for granted or became victims of circumstances (over which we had no control). Thirdly, some of us are reminded of the pain and sufferings we endured in the past (when we were in need) when there was no one around who cared to offer even a helping hand to us (though they were capable of it). Jesus tells us that these were special occasions when the Lord was teaching us to look only on Him and to trust Him alone. These were accounted for, recorded and stored up as a sure foundation for our future. Jesus assures us that none of these should hinder us from doing good or offering to those who are in need, especially those given to our care. When He provides there will be an abundance, And to those whose hearts resemble His (compassionate as His), He provides even more. Jesus calls you to re-order your tasks this day, keeping Him first and the rest He will cause to come to pass for you. Wishing you a grand day with the Lord as your provider. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
