---
title: "‘And this is my prayer; that"
date: "2024-06-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And this is my prayer; that your love may abound more and more in knowledge and depth of insight’ (Philippians 1:9)

---

### Reflection

Knowing Christ more and more and building up on the perspective that this knowledge confers upon us is the sure way to growing in love. Similar to the ‘Growth mindset’ put forth by Carol Dweck, which is inevitable to one’s success; For a believer, what marks for progress is his ‘Christ mindset’ – of having the mindset of Christ. Jesus, in all His Divinity, did not hesitate to come down as one among us, to incarnate as a human being, to take on the humiliation of the Cross for our sake, that we may be redeemed. This knowledge of what God did for all mankind is to stir our Spirits to live worthily, to hold on to the Word of God, to be true to one another, humble and forbearing; Not to rebel or compete with selfish ambitions, but to wear Christ, the garb of righteousness before the Father and to proclaim His Gospel to all. It is in this that love is manifested, in knowing that He first loved us and loved us so distinctly and incomparably. In the Light of His love, beyond any kind of human intelligence and understanding would emerge the love He has stored in us for our dear and near. Though deprivations, deterrence, failures and dejections may have surfaced through the years from those around, the love of the Lord, so intense and remarkable is powerful to reclaim and repost You and me to more significant and noble tasks for His glory. Therefore, what comes first or priority for You and me is to honour Jesus above everything else in life, and to seek grace to receive others with a Christ mindset always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
