---
title: "‘Having loved His own who were"
date: "2024-07-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Having loved His own who were in the world, He loved them to the end’ (John 13:1)

---

### Reflection

Jesus loved His Disciples to the end – John, the Gospel writer while attempting to narrate the events that led to Jesus’s passion and death, begins with a special mention of a core trait/characteristic of Jesus’s personality. Every occurrence that took place (as we read through the rest of John’s Gospel) was exacerbated in the light of the love Jesus had for mankind. To You and me today, Jesus reiterates the truth of His unfailing love for us. That ‘nothing’ would have existed in Creation, had it been disliked by God, the author of the Book of Wisdom explains this plainly to us in Wisdom 11:24. But then why was it that the ‘one’ whom Jesus loved (Judas Iscariot), deceive Him?  The Bible gives us an answer so explicit – It was the devil who persuaded Judas to betray Jesus. Into his heart, the evil one had sown seeds of deceit, that which sprung up into a well-conceived plan, a pan-social one, that intended on the one hand to throttle the Roman Empire (by initiating riots and ruckus through Jesus’s arrest) and on the other hand, that meant financial gain to build up the Empire of Jesus (which Judas thought would be established in Palestine). Judas was exceedingly tactful and wise, in the way of the world, and was way ahead of his counterparts (the other disciples) in supporting Jesus, but mistook the real intent of Jesus and His message. At times You and I purport this image of Judas, as we turn successful in all that we undertake and all that we do, but do we disappoint the Lord and the Way He has called us to follow? Are we willing to take the narrow road of love that is inclusive, which hurts and irritates, or do we find the broader road of convenience and compatibility more worthwhile? The choice is left to You and me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
