---
title: "‘Son of man, I have made"
date: "2024-07-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Son of man, I have made you a watchman for the house of Israel’ (Ezekiel 3:17)

---

### Reflection

The priestly prophet Ezekiel (one among the exiles to Babylon) was lifted in his spirit to the realm of the Divine, from where God spoke to him. God reveals to him the reason why His people lost their protection and had to submit to the Babylonian defeat as slaves. He commissions Ezekiel as a watch person over them, to announce to the people the way out for redemption (what God desired of them). The Commandments, the Law and precepts were given through Moses to the people, that they may live long in the land of their inheritance (the promised land), that they may live in righteousness before God and multiply in all dimensions, as God had promised them. As an overseer who would watch over the people, Ezekiel was entrusted with a greater responsibility – to build up and not tear down. He was to remind the people of repentance, of making amends in their lives so that they could provision themselves to receive God’s grace. It was the will of God, that they would undergo punishment for their transgressions (for some time) as exiles, but it also was God’s desire to reclaim them to their lost glory. For this God paves the way by anointing Ezekiel as their guardian and guide to lead them. You and I likewise have been appointed guardians of our homes, institutions, communities and societies. We would be rewarded based on how well we responded to God’s will and prepared the people given to our care to receive God’s grace. Every authority under the sun comes from above, and every supportive gesture from our end (to their just instructions and commands) avails us of a reward from the Lord. Let us examine ourselves in the light of God’s Word, whether we are trustworthy stewards over the flock of God, or whether we use our authority to pacify our interests/ambitions in life. ‘To the faithful, I show myself faithful; to those with integrity, you show integrity’ – the Word from the Lord prompts us to action. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
