---
title: "‘Above all bless your Maker who"
date: "2024-10-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Above all bless your Maker who fills you with His good gifts’ (Sirach 32:12)

---

### Reflection

To be able to share in the joy of others, to speak only when required and with few words, to train oneself in patience and humility, to entertain oneself but with needed constraint following the fear of the Lord – this is what the author of the Book of Sirach describes the etiquette of the wise. It is such ‘one’ who glorifies His Maker through his ways wherever he is – whether at home (in his privacy) or before the crowds. This one heaps up praises for himself from around. He is content, hopeful, and loved by all. His thoughtfulness for others makes him kind and generous, yet fully aware of his boundaries and limitations. He/ She has acquired rightful knowledge of oneself – strengths, weaknesses, opportunities that can be rewarding, as well as those that can threaten the foundations of one’s existence, while walking the smooth road. Our prayers each new day would be for a new revelation from the Most High, for a new gift - for wisdom that takes to conquer the day with its pride and challenges. For being able to forgive ourselves for past mistakes, for abrupt actions and decisions that may have created obstacles in our path. Even these were not hidden from the eyes of our Creator, for He knew our feeble frame. Lord, while thanking you for all the gifts that we have received from you to this day, we seek your presence and blessings for greater gifts and a Divinely inspired heart that delights in the light within than from without. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
