---
title: "‘This is how we know what"
date: "2024-08-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘This is how we know what love is: Jesus Christ laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters.’ (1 John 3:16)

---

### Reflection

Jesus gave us the most sublime illustration of what true love is – by laying down his life for our redemption. We were purchased from the slavery of sin and death by the price of His blood. If so, we owe a greater responsibility to reclaim the souls of those given to our care. Its so easy to love another who reciprocates our gesture, but quite hard when it comes to people whom we know take us for granted or make light of our sincerity. And the latter is the kind of love the Lord showed us. This is what laying down of one’s life for another would mean in its broadest sense. To be able to consider even the mean (the crippled, blind, lame and poor) who are unable to pay us back for what we do or say to them in love. It is the reward at the resurrection of the righteous that Jesus promises to those who have denied themselves to obey His commandment of love. After all, the toil and hardships of this world are not merely for burdening ourselves, but because in these we perceive for ourselves the hope of being with the Lord at His right side at the great day of His Second coming. To be privileged to banquet with Him in His kingdom with all saints and martyrs. The third - to receive from Him all that we ask for in prayer, because He delights in the welfare of His beloved. This is how we test ourselves whether we live by faith – If Jesus is in us, we will have all the reasons to love and be compassionate to one another, even if it defies every standard/limit/dictates of our modern culture/era we belong to. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
