---
title: "‘Let no one look down upon"
date: "2024-12-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Let no one look down upon you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, conduct, in love, faith and in purity’ (1 Timothy 4:12)

---

### Reflection

What is that aspect that Paul emphasized, which would bring on us contempt, because of our young age? The words from our mouth – our language, our expressions, attitudes, perceptions……All these leave a strong impact on public opinion about us. In addition to this, our commitment to the realm of the Divine – The Scripture – God’s Word, our participation in the Breaking of Bread – The Eucharist, our diligence to our responsibilities specific to our job roles (vocation), our convictions expressed through our life and value systems – these define the depths of who we are and how we relate to others. It is this profound spiritual advice that St. Paul gave to his beloved disciple, Timothy – which proves even more relevant to You and me in our journeying with the Lord. Let us learn to be minimal in speech, more eager to listen, and keen to ‘assimilate’ the truth always, while wasting no time on unnecessary discourses, debates, and egoistic discussions. The significance of prayer in life can never be discounted. It is when we are perseverant in all these aspects, that we save ourselves and others by setting an example to all. It’s not in perfection, but with a desire to oblige to the responsibilities of our lives that we prove ourselves witnesses to Jesus in speech, conduct, love, faith, and in purity. God bless you! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
