---
title: "‘To Him, who is able to"
date: "2024-05-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘To Him, who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to His power that is in work within us..’(Ephesians 3:20)

---

### Reflection

The Spirit of ‘Truth’ the Holy Spirit enables us to seek and find the real person You and I are – the Inner being. Personality development begins with this first step of knowing who we are and strengthening ourselves from this perspective. The Inner being takes nourishment from its Creator, from the love poured into our hearts by the Holy Spirit. From here comes the drive and caliber in our personalities, to excel, to harbour ideas, and thoughts in the arena of the sublime, to endure hardships and work towards growth, surpassing all limitations. It is Christ in us, His love that motivates the Inner person to outdo inhibitions, to garner peace, joy and serenity amid turmoil. To fight the odds and oddities of life’s tribulations, people and circumstances, Jesus challenges us to believe and more than all ‘trust’ in Him. Where there is trust in Jesus, in His immeasurable power in work within us, there is no fear, no room for despair or dejection. Even what we fail to ask for in our human understanding the Spirit discerns and offers as prayers before the Throne of the Most High. We praise and thank you Jesus for enlightening our hearts to understand who we are (however little) and what we could do within all the inhibitions and flaws of our human nature, with the immeasurable power of Your Spirit in us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
