---
title: "‘For Your immortal Spirit is in"
date: "2024-06-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For Your immortal Spirit is in all things. Therefore, You correct little by little those who trespass, and You remind and warn them of the things through which they sin, so that they may be freed from wickedness and put their trust in You, O Lord’ (Wisdom 12:1)

---

### Reflection

Each new day is a reminder for You and me that the Lord, Our God is merciful. Out of His unfailing love towards all that was created, they have been preserved to this day. Not that the inner thoughts and inclinations of human hearts have been misread by God, but He overlooks the sins of all that they may be persuaded to repent and be merciful in proportion to the mercy they have received. God’s Word cleanses the heart and soul of man. It is through His Word, the double-edged sword that a man’s conscience is refined and perfected. For His Word teaches us the Way that He had shown us, the true way that we have been called to pursue. By this, we know that we abide in Him when we obey His Word. John, the apostle emphasized the commandment of love, which is all that Jesus showed us throughout His lifetime on earth. He called us ‘friends’ and it’s a matter of pride for us to realize that we have been conferred the status of ‘friends’ of the Almighty. And what befits of the Lord is what must be our demeanour for all times. Jesus never judged, never condemned, never looked down upon those who were weak, who were marginalized by society and religion, those who were sinners, those poor, and those who dared to be different or set themselves apart from even His disciples….. Everyone has a space in the heart of our Lord and that is why even today, no matter how incompatible our ways may be with the Gospel, He gives us a new chance to repent, to return from our old ways, to mend our hearts and more than all, He does it for us. Let us pray for today’s anointing to be renewed in the Spirit of Jesus and led by Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
