---
title: "‘I have given them your Word’"
date: "2024-05-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I have given them your Word’ (John 17:14)

---

### Reflection

The Word by which the Universe was created, which sustains everything in order in accordance with the perfect plan of the Father, the Word of power, of truth and that which delineates a path through the wilderness – is what Jesus gives to you and me today. Deep within our hearts He exists and desires to be manifest by our word and deed. In humility, in compassion, in obedience, in serenity He becomes revealed to the world through us. We are the Light of this world, that knows not what is beneficial, what builds and upholds. It is not in permissibility and liberty that human beings attain creativity and success but in the right discernment and right choices that elevate one from where He exists to where He is called to be. Before going to the Father, Jesus gave Himself to us symbolically in bread and wine, which He fulfilled for us on the Cross the very next day. Whenever we receive this Eucharistic Lord, He dwells, enlightens, and inspires us for the better, He leads us to our destiny – to be one with the Trinity. The Trinitarian love gets poured into our hearts whereby we obtain the power to do greater things – to forgive where impossible, to love even when ignored, to pray in hope for all things even when the future seems bleak and dark. This is the Word that Jesus instills in your heart today – receive and accept it with reverence and joy. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
