---
title: "‘He said it to me: ‘It"
date: "2024-10-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He said it to me: ‘It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To the thirsty I will give water without cost from the spring of the water of life’ (Revelation 21:6)

---

### Reflection

Jesus gives freely because He loves us. By taking reference to Alpha and Omega, He convinces us that ‘All’ that we would ever dream of being filled with in life – He gives. If it were for content, honor, respect, possessions and progress, nothing comes without a cost. This is what we have been learning, assimilating and striving hard for all the years of life. Since it’s hard for us to unlearn and accept the ‘truth’, that for the One who longs after His Kingdom, these and even greater gifts are for free. This ‘thirst’ for honoring God’s Kingdom – abiding in righteousness, peace and joy in the abundance of the Holy spirit, is what we (followers of Christ) are called to exhibit and express. But what deters us from going this way? The inclinations and thoughts of our minds, the admonitions of our experience, fear of insecurity: of sticking out as the sore thumb, all these have prevented us from growing into what we have been called ‘to be’; we are thus stunted, all the while trying to wade the same waters we have been tiringly battling with all our years, and finally ending up like everyone, striving and vying with everything and everyone to make it to our point. Let us ask the Lord for the grace of thirsting for His Kingdom, to be the change that our Lord expects and our era longingly waits for from mankind. Lord, I thirst for fullness and to be replenished from the Spring of Life – You. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
