---
title: "‘But Jesus remained silent and gave"
date: "2024-04-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But Jesus remained silent and gave no answer’ (Mark 14:61)

---

### Reflection

Jesus was brought before the Council of the Sanhedrin, which consisted of the priests, Chief priests, Elders and Scribes. Now this was the first time in history that a trial was made by the Sanhedrin at night and outside their usual meeting place. These had gathered that night in Jerusalem to try Jesus (after He had been arrested, bound and taken captive) to find ‘solid evidence’ against Him that He could be put to death. Numerous false testimonies were raised against Him, but due to dissensions and contradictions in them, none of them could be taken up. Jesus was aware of their intentions, that their hearts would never go with the truth that was He; not far from now, even His disciples would play a safe game distancing themselves from Him. He was prepared for the greatest purpose of His incarnation – the Crucifixion. Therefore, He uttered no reply and gave no explanations for the allegations imposed upon Him. The Council was surprised as they expected Jesus to disagree and prove His point. What at times proves most difficult for us is to submit to the wrong, especially when we know the reality is otherwise. Before people who fail to listen to us or accept what we say, no matter how much we try to accurately communicate or convince them, it might always be wise to remain silent, to let God intervene for us. Jesus asks us to emulate Him, in situations of mistrust, and in the events of arguments. It is in moments of silent surrender, that Jesus takes control; He the silent Lamb, knew the pain of loneliness, of being falsely accused and rejected. He will fight our cause. Be our way, our Light and resurrection today, Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
