---
title: "‘So run that you may obtain"
date: "2024-08-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So run that you may obtain the prize’ (1 Corinthians 9:24)

---

### Reflection

The prize, the reward we run for is not one of this world, that which is perishable. You and I are called to chase after the Eternal, that which is beyond the limits of the physical world – which no eye has seen no ear heard of. Of which Paul, witnesses to as ‘the Paradise’, ‘The third Heaven’ – where there awaits for us inexpressible things, that which no mortal is permitted to repeat of. After all the toil and striving for material riches, do we ever assert ourselves for something higher? That which we have been called to inherit. If not we would be the most unfortunate among men, because as time passes by, we would be forced to admit that we had been merely beating about the bush, running aimlessly or boxing as beating the air. Let us look into ourselves, the roles we adorn, that which God has conferred upon us with love and confidence. Let us learn to examine ourselves, in all that we do and say in our lives, whether we are able to meet the mark the Lord has set for us?  If atleast, we are ardent in seeking His Will, no matter how weak we may be, Jesus would ensure that we become conquerors in all that we do. All that has transpired hitherto in life, would transform as the best occurrences for a lifetime. This is the prize we all need to run for. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
