---
title: "‘He forgave us….by canceling the record"
date: "2024-06-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He forgave us….by canceling the record of debt that stood against us with its legal demands. He set aside, nailing it to the Cross. He disarmed the rulers and authorities and put them to open shame, by triumphing over them in Him’ (Colossians 2:13-15)

---

### Reflection

Our Loving and Merciful God gifts us today with ‘the richness of understanding and knowledge of God’s mystery.’ This is where we have been asked to be rooted and built up in, to receive, to walk with, and to be established in faith – Jesus Christ. The reason has been so explicit that Jesus through His passion and death on the Cross, did what was totally beyond the imagination of any human being. He cleansed us from our transgressions and sins; canceled the record of debt that stood against us by bearing it all upon Himself and nailing it on to His Cross. The rulers and authorities (Spirits and dominions) of this world were thus disarmed, made a public spectacle of, and defeated by His Selfless love for us on the Cross. Death has power no more, nor does evil. Now that to us - this great mystery of the Crucifixion been unveiled, what more befitting can we offer the Lord in thanksgiving, than our lives rooted and established in Him. Paul exhorted all believers to be encouraged to live for Christ, to be united in love for one another and obtain the fullness of wisdom, Jesus for themselves. In this is one’s fullness in Spirituality, when One learns to unlearn what He has been taught by the world and blindly obey the Words that the Lord asks Him each day. Whoever we are, whatever our priorities in life, there can be no priority above ‘Jesus’ and without Him as the centre of our lives, the Spirit of the Lord in us testifies each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
