---
title: "‘You have given Him authority over"
date: "2024-10-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You have given Him authority over all flesh, to give Eternal life to all whom You have given Him’ (John 17:2)

---

### Reflection

God sent His Son to this world in a human form, not to punish the world, but that through Him it may be saved. This is the authority of Jesus, conferred on Him by His Father – That in Heaven, on earth and under the earth, every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess His Lordship for obtaining the glory of the Heavenly Father. This manifold, overarching authority of Jesus was made manifest during His public ministry when He healed many, casted off demons, calmed the soaring seas, when He forgave the sins of many, restored the hungry in Spirit and preached to all the Good News that the Kingdom of Heaven was at hand for all. Even today the risen Lord extends His power, which is His discretion to change destiny – The One who has authority over distance, over sin, diseases, and death; will surely come to our help whenever we believe in Him and seek Him with a thirsty Spirit. No matter ‘however’ gross and messy your past may have been, You still have a chance to be restored, to be rejuvenated, and established if You give yourself into the Hands of the Lord. He who has been given authority to work out Creation, the One who sustains all, calls you to experience Eternal life, the purpose of your life. Obey the Lord, keep faithfulness as your shield and truth as your armour, so that the Sun of Righteousness may shine over you, avenge your cause and exalt you among His favored ones. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
