---
title: "‘The meek shall obtain fresh joy"
date: "2024-05-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The meek shall obtain fresh joy in the Lord, and the poor among mankind shall exult in the Holy One of Israel’ (Isaiah 29:19)

---

### Reflection

The love of the Lord is new every morning bringing fresh joy into the hearts of all who cherish to receive in fullness. Elijah was once amid great agony, threatened for life, he had to flee into the wilderness; there God visited him. Elijah is strengthened in body and soul, to wait for the Lord. Into his desolate spirit, as a gentle breeze, he experiences joy and communion with the Most High. In His Sermon on the Mount, Jesus upheld the virtue of meekness; that the meek would inherit the earth; that they were blessed. To a nation that had turned deaf ears to God’s commandments and His will, Isaiah prophesies to them what the Lord desired of His people. That if they refrained from hardening of the heart, if they humbled themselves before their God, with a contrite heart, God would pour His Spirit of awakening and power. They would turn into God’s own, the invincible and protected by the Most High. For Lebanon (a wilderness land) to turn into a fruitful field and the field into a forest, would that be impossible for the Lord? The Lord asks His people. This grace of meekness adds to the soul a Heavenly joy, that which is not diminished by any earthly power. Meekness comes with its by-products - prudence and redemptive suffering. The power to endure hardships for greater glory and to evade sinfulness in all situations. To those among us who have mastered this skill, they will enjoy peaceful living which is a gift from above. Yes, in all our shortcomings, Jesus is our reason for rejoicing, hopefulness and encouragement. Who else is our rock, except the Lord, who arms us with strength and secures our way each new day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
