---
title: "‘For behold, from now on generations"
date: "2024-07-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For behold, from now on generations will call me blessed’ (Luke 1:48)

---

### Reflection

Mary, the mother of Jesus extols God for His graciousness and mercy and prophesies in the fullness of the Holy Spirit. What was promised to Abraham, God fulfills in due time to His descendants (God’s people) through sending His Son to the earth. That Mary would become ‘Theotokos,’ ‘Mother of God’ was in this well-defined plan of God. But the redemptive plan was not one unanimously executed by God; Mary’s consent and cooperation were equally decisive. Mary’s willingness was based on her faith and trust in God that He would fulfill all the promises He had given to her. This faith was the cornerstone for Mary to be hailed ‘Blessed’ by generations. Today She stands as a sure source of strength and refuge for her children, You and me, who were given her at the foot of the Cross of Jesus. She who has undergone the pain, suffering, rejections and agony of a lifetime, knows all and is willing to support, strengthen and direct us to Jesus. Where no consolation remains, Mary our mother steps in to support us, where all is lost, she intercedes to her Son for restoration and when all is in the dark, She leads us to the Light. Let us thank the Lord for this gift of His Mother to us. Mary, Mother most Immaculate and loving, teach us to magnify the Lord in all circumstances of our life to emerge blessed as you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
