---
title: "‘Our ancestors were all under the"
date: "2024-09-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Our ancestors were all under the cloud and they all passed through the sea. They were all baptized into Moses in the cloud and in the sea. They all ate the same spiritual food, and drank the same spiritual drink; for they drank from the Spiritual rock that accompanied them, and that rock was Christ’ (1 Corinthians 10:1-4)

---

### Reflection

Paul narrates what occurred to God’s people while in the wilderness. He quotes from history as a warning to us believers, who like these claim to have been redeemed from slavery (slavery of sin and death), who have been guided through the desert (trials and turmoils of life), to whom God has extended great protection and companionship through Jesus, our rock and refuge. Here is the warning that the Holy Spirit voiced to us through the words of St. Paul – ‘If you think you are standing firm, be careful that you do not fall’. The Israelites fell, they were abandoned by God, they died in the wilderness, the entire generation could not meet with their hope – The promised land. And why? Because they were stubborn, they were hardened in their hearts, they succumbed to certain sins for which they had no remorse about and thus God was displeased with them. Those sins that led to the downfall of the Israelites may be worth mentioning, as knowingly or not, we tend to be swayed and persuaded to commit these in our lives too. The people turned ‘Idolaters’ – those who worshipped their glory, their successes, believed in their legacy, and failed to prioritize the ways and will of God before what they considered important. It is this that led to their dwindling faith, stubbornness, and self-reliance, leading them to commit grievous faults of adultery, sexual immorality, and so on….To them, honoring the ways of men, their customs, traditions, and human opinion was of higher import, to the commandments and precepts of the Lord – to His fundamental instruction of loving one another with the compassion and mercy of God. It is this that we have been exhorted by the Spirit of Jesus to protect ourselves from. Let us ask Jesus to help us to be more merciful, generous, and broadminded in our ways and to be able to practice the love the Lord fills our hearts with each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
