---
title: "‘So whatever you wish that others"
date: "2024-07-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So whatever you wish that others would do to you, do also to them, for this is the Law and the Prophets’ (Matthew 7:12)

---

### Reflection

By ‘The Law and the Prophets’, Jesus meant the fullness of the Gospel truth. Jesus came to this world not to dilute the Law (given by God to Moses to His people) or the Words of the prophets, but to bring them to completion. The sum and substance of This Law that Jesus explained to His disciples as well as to the crowds was the single commandment to love God and to love one another. Through our trust in God, through pouring out our heart to Him (in prayer) we express our love for God and from this stems the love for another too. Without being faithful to God, we would never be able to be responsible to the people around us. And this St Paul explains by stating that we are called to a faith expressed in loving one another and providing for those in need (material or spiritual). That God loves a cheerful giver, who is obliged not by compulsion, but by sincere devotion to the Lord is what the rich Believers in Corinth were exhorted to do. It doesn’t just apply to material wealth, but to every aspect that defines human living – Jesus exhorts You and me to share a smile, be patient with those weak, comfort the afflicted and bear one another’s burdens, thereby fulfilling His law. Let this be our motto today – Whatever we wish others would do to us, let us attempt to be first in doing to them. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
