---
title: "‘According to your steadfast love remember"
date: "2024-10-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘According to your steadfast love remember me, for the sake of your goodness, O Lord!’ (Psalm 25:7)

---

### Reflection

The abundance of life, fullness of strength, overflowing joy and hope is the love of the Lord. Every morning has something new to teach us, to refine and restore in us, and it is given to those who ask of the Lord. So let us ask Jesus today, from the bottom of our hearts, to just ‘remember’ us - though we have been unworthy, so ungrateful, at times sinful and resentful. For who else knows us so well, as the Lord himself does? Who else can forgive our sins as He does? Who would help us carry our burdens as He readily waits for? For the sake of your goodness, O Lord, remember us, according to your unfailing mercy and graciousness, cleanse us from our transgressions, fill us with your Spirit that builds and generates growth in us, strengthen our minds to always reflect on your promises, to gain the courage and conviction to follow after you, no matter how hard things may seem to us. This we pray for this morning, Be with us Lord, as the day turns cloudy, as heavy clouds hover upon our skies, as the great King David prayed, Be my pillar, my fortress, my deliverer, my God, my rock, my refuge, my shield, my Salvation, my High tower O Lord Jesus, King of Kings – we worship you and surrender ourselves to you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
