---
title: "' Your gates shall always be"
date: "2025-02-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ' Your gates shall always be open; day and night they shall not be shut, so that nations shall bring you their wealth, with their kings led in procession' ( Isaiah 69:11)

---

### Reflection

To receive from the bounty provided to you from the Heavens, God asks of us this one thing. Let your hearts be prepared in humility, charity, and gratefulness to the Lord. For He, our Father knows and wills to enrich us in wealth both material and spiritual, that we may exhibit His traits and do His works on earth. All those who receive Jesus as Lord and Master of their lives, will be empowered to function like Him - and even to do greater works for he will be loved by the Holy Trinity who would make dwelling in him. That You and I are called to be stewards to His Grace, and to work for His Kingdom. This Divine Kingdom has already been established in our midst by Jesus. By His crucifixion and death, He has nailed the powers of the other world( infernal powers) and rendered them armour less. That with hope, joy and peace of the Holy Spirit in us, we may relentlessly toil for the propagation and spread of the Heavenly Kingdom for all mankind. Anyone who spares time,  and his resources for this Divine Kingdom, Jesus has promised will be rewarded a hundredfold while on earth and much more in Eternity. So let us imitate the zeal of St Paul, who spared nothing in life that impeded the flow of grace in him. Let us also open the gates of our hearts to the infilling of this grace, that our human nature needs without fail and permit this grace to work on our behalf. Let the immeasurable riches of grace be the saving power of our lives and families. O Holy Spirit, let all that is not from above be plucked and weeded by your fire in me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
