---
title: "‘For God has consigned all to"
date: "2025-07-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For God has consigned all to disobedience, that He may have mercy on all of us’ (Romans 11:32)

---

### Reflection

How often have we come across those times! when all was well, and then suddenly, ‘as a bolt from the blue,’ came the untoward. We have tried to reason out on this, either by finding fault with ‘circumstances’, the irrational decisions taken by people around us, or unwise calculations or choices made by us, which had finally brought us up to the hapless situations in life. Whatever be the cause, or even if we know not the cause, Jesus tells us to surrender these to Him, to His Sacred Heart. For even before we knew these would occur in life, God had foreseen them; He knew pretty well how these were to be dealt with, and how to deliver us from their entanglements, provided we reach out to Him. The disobedience of the Jews (decision of their uninformed choice) was what God used to show mercy to us, that we may be saved in Jesus Christ. And considering the ‘wonder ways’ of the Lord, so incomprehensible to the human understanding, every sinfulness, weakness, vulnerability in humans, He transforms - as opportunities for enhanced Grace and mercy. That none can afford to claim glory for his good works; and that none of us can judge another whom we hardly can ever understand. All You and I can do (or are expected to do as mortals) is to trust in the Lord Jesus, offer to Him all the agonizing moments, people, and situations, and ask Him to intervene (on our behalf) with the most optimal solution. His ways are greater than ours, and so are His thoughts. When we see the tip of the ‘iceberg’; He sees the block of ice/the glacier that stands to interrupt our forward movement, let us therefore fall into the hands of the Lord, rather than rely on the comfort zones of this world. Let us learn to trust in His grip than our grasping on to Him. Lord, have mercy on us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
