---
title: "‘In a very short time, will"
date: "2025-12-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In a very short time, will not Lebanon be turned into a fertile field and the fertile field seem like a forest?’ (Isaiah 29:17)

---

### Reflection

Lebanon was one of the boundaries that constituted the Northern Kingdom of Israel, renowned for its Cedars that were once materials gifted to King David by his vassal kings. But Lebanon can also refer to those situations and people in our lives branded as ‘nominal’, ‘aggressive’, and ‘untamed’ – those situations we often term as a consequence of ‘fate’, beyond our control and unchangeable. Today, Jesus asks you and me, “Do you believe that these situations and people would forever remain unformidable in your life?” “Don’t I, the Lord (who permitted these into your life) have the power to reverse and modify them to your benefit?” In a short while from now, you will see the change you expected, that you prayed for most fervently. But the price it costs you is to wait in patient hope for it, to trust in my goodwill for you. All your times are in my hands, and whatever I give, it comes in abundance, and from my heart. Will I ever forsake you? No matter whoever does. And further, the Holy Spirit reminds of the future glory of this city (you and me) – I will rebuild you with stones of turquoise, your foundations with lapis lazuli, your battlements of rubies, gates of sparkling jewels, and your walls of precious stones. You will be established in ‘righteousness’. This is God’s promise for you and me today. Believe and claim for yourself with a meek and yielding spirit. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
