---
title: "‘What we have received is not"
date: "2025-01-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘What we have received is not the Spirit of the world, but the Spirit who is from God, so that we may understand what God has freely given us’ (1 Corinthians 2:12)

---

### Reflection

By way of our baptism, we have been gifted the Spirit of God. This distinguishes us from the world, not that we are no more meant to live in the world, but that we have been appointed and set apart by the Spirit of God to live a life of excellence – with a designated full-fledged purpose and design. In our human nature, it is so usual that we are prone to sinfulness. And the Lord understands this well, that through His Spirit in us, He inspires us to follow His way, which leads us to the truth and life. Now to be able to obey Him (for the human spirit to yield to the promptings of the Spirit), will need a lot of courage and will-power. This is poured into our hearts through God’s love. Every moment we experience or realize the power given to us, we are anointed, which opens our hearts to surrender, and oblige to God as a reciprocation for His love, which surpasses every other understanding in us. This St John explained by saying that, we love, because He first loved us and gave up His life for us. Let us thus pray today for the humility to love Jesus, for our minds to be opened and anointed to obey His will, with courage and determination all through the day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
