---
title: "‘See I have engraved you on"
date: "2025-01-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘See I have engraved you on the palms of my hands; Your walls are ever before me’ (Isaiah 49:16)

---

### Reflection

But Zion said; ‘The Lord has forsaken me, the Lord has forgotten me’. This One was called by the Lord, to be a light to the world, to comfort those distressed, tormented by the trials and ordeals of life on earth. And how was this ‘one’ called by the Lord? Before the foundations of the world, while in the womb of his/her mother, this one was called by a name, emboldened with a heart and tongue that longed to reprove evil and injustice, concealed from the peoples, as a polished arrow in the quiver. But along the way, the kind of experiences the Spirit of God permitted into the life of this one was tremendous, sometimes difficult to bear and reckon with. He went through suffering, rejection, humiliation, abandonment, failures, and the sort for no fault of his. When the going became even more tough, this one complained that for no account he had been toiling, spending his strength in vain, for no reward and the Lord had forsaken him. In this juncture, the Lord in all His splendour, appears before this one, reminding him of the great commission that was given to him. Knowing ‘him’ in all dimensions – his strengths, weaknesses, attitudes, perceptions, beliefs, destiny, and identity as a whole, the very reason why he was picked up from among the billions to co-create a distinct mode, a plan for restoration for all. Nothing comes to you, dear brother and sister as a coincidence, everything pre-destined by the Lord and given you, because He knew you had the power to triumph over them most successfully with the light in you. Seek of the Lord the grace to discern and work for the fulfilment of His plan for you (a definite unique plan just for you), today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
