---
title: "‘Owe no one anything, except to"
date: "2025-11-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Owe no one anything, except to love each other, for the one who loves another has fulfilled the Law’ (Romans 13:8)

---

### Reflection

The Commandment Jesus gave us is to love one another. He sent us into the world to ensure that we may demonstrate to a cold, rigid world the meaning of love. To love would mean to do no wrong to another (Romans 13:10); to love would mean to limit our words or to maintain silence when our actions and intent go beyond what words can clarify (Matthew 5:37); to accept the garb of an unworthy servant after having done everything (Luke 17:10). Love would lessen one’s tendency to be arrogant, to be irritable and resentful when things don’t work our way (1Cor 13:4-5). Love would inevitably encompass qualities of inclusiveness, forbearance, hope, and faith (1 Cor 13:7). When compared to all the virtues a human could practice in his lifetime, if devoid of love, it would mean nothing. Do we really own this sort of trait to love? This is what the Holy Spirit asks of us today. Let all our words, motives, and deeds be judged within the framework of this kind of love. Do I walk the way of love? Of course, since I have been designed in the image of God, my Father, I have been created to love, but have I expressed my resolve to love as the Lord has loved me? Lord, give me the grace to be compassionate, to love, and serve as you have been to me all the while. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
