---
title: "‘And in every matter of wisdom"
date: "2025-11-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And in every matter of wisdom and understanding about which the King inquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the magicians and enchanters that were in all his kingdom’ (Daniel 1:20)

---

### Reflection

These four youth, who were faithful to the tenets of the Law, and who were careful not to be defiled by anything (the culture and ways) that pertained to a foreign cult, found favour in the eyes of the Lord. As exiles under a foreign ruler (miles away from their own country) in Babylon, there was nothing much for them to be excited about. Had they been in the comfort and security of their own land (Judah), their story would have been totally different. But they chose to honour the Lord and be faithful to him, even when swamped by the crisis and the uncertainties that followed the political turnover of Judah and in its aftermath. Because of God’s presence with them, they found compassion in the sight of the officer in charge of serving them food, thus asking him to relieve them from the kind of food and drink that was anathema to their nobility. Even the slightest of virtues that one may practise that which is hidden from others, is noticed, applauded, and accepted by our God. He takes ownership of us then, fills us with His power to sojourn beyond the natural, to be supernatural. This power filled the lives of the four youth, who honoured God in the land of exile. The King was amazed at their intelligence, prowess, and capabilities, that was ten times ahead of all the extraordinary people who were known to the king till then. It is from God alone, that one learns the finesse of skills, attains brainpower, logical reasoning, and all of them put together ‘life skills’. No other authority, human power, or influence can get you to where you ought to rise. Trust in the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
