---
title: "‘From now on, therefore, we regard"
date: "2025-08-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘From now on, therefore, we regard no one from a worldly point of view. Though we once regarded Christ in this way, we do so no longer’ (2 Corinthians 5:16)

---

### Reflection

What we know is what our physical senses have permitted us to know, nothing beyond; unless the Spirit of God enlightens our hearts and minds to a deeper revelation. We thus have no right to judge another, who is like us because what we know and perceive of him/her is only in the periphery. St Paul remarked (in his First letter to the Corinthians) on the deeper dimensions of spiritual charisms, stating that the first and foremost of them all was ‘the ability to love.’ It was to this apostle that the Divine mysteries were made known through revelations by the Holy Spirit. And thus he spoke, when I was a child, I spoke and responded like a child, but not now. The question he poses to each one of us today is – Where do we see ourselves in the realm of Spiritual growth? Are we still children who are to be fed on milk and nothing else, or have we grown enough to digest greater realities of the revelations of God’s Spirit? If the way we speak, respond, perceive, and judge is from a worldly point of view, we are no more than toddlers and infants, hardly capable of being entrusted ‘any’ task of worth to be fulfilled for the Eternal kingdom. Let us humbly submit to our Lord, asking Him for forgiveness for the times we failed to perceive, understand, and empathize from His point of view. Let us learn to silently listen to others without being defensive and respond to others without being offensive. WE have been called to be merciful, understanding, and supportive, just as God the Father, has forgiven us in the Lord Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
