---
title: "‘so that you may live a"
date: "2025-12-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘so that you may live a life worthy of the Lord and please Him in every way: bearing fruit in every good work, growing in the knowledge of God’ (Colossians 1:10)

---

### Reflection

Knowing God is the key to living a life worthy of the Lord and pleasing Him. For when this happens, good works emerge from us as fruits, just as fruits are borne in a tree. And Jesus reminds us that no bad tree would bear good fruit, and it is from the fruit that the tree is known. Knowing God would lead us to revering Him, as His power is beyond all that is created. It is this power that encourages us towards forbearance, to hold firm to the right, even when things around seem doubtful. To live a life worthy of God’s pleasure need not always be acceptable to society, customary regulations, or established norms of this world. You and I may prove an anathema to many around us. It takes courage, conviction, and inspiration from the spirit of God to walk in the ways of the Lord. When the Apostle Paul spoke about a life pleasing to God, he did not try to enforce upon us something hard, but to live in obedience to the promptings of God’s Spirit in us. This strengthens us to outlive our human instincts, tendencies of the flesh, inclinations of the mind, and man-made practices. Character building is that which gives one the drive to outlive the flesh and move towards his purpose as he increases in years. May you be inspired to live a life centred in Christ, focused on your purpose. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
