---
title: "‘Walk about Zion, go around her,"
date: "2025-01-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Walk about Zion, go around her, count her towers, consider well her ramparts, view her citadels, that you may tell of them to the next generation. For God is our God forever and ever; He will be our guide even to the end’ (Psalm 48:12-14)

---

### Reflection

The best way to start a day anew is by giving glory and praises to God our Creator, and Saviour. For in His great mercy, He has led us to another beautiful dawn, to gaze at the wonders we have been called to be partakers to, to greater heights we have been designated to explore and conquer, within the bounds of His protection. And thus, We are the Zion, the Holy mountain of God, the dwelling place of God, which He has made secure. The numerous blessings He has showered on us, are the endless towers of Zion, her ramparts, and her citadels, and for these, we must sing praises to His Holy name, meditate on His Word each day, on His unfailing love for us that never ends. The Lord is pleased to dwell in Zion forever, to make it His abode and place of reign, which is the cause of why the many peaked mountains envied it – the greater rugged mountains of Bashan, as the psalmist exclaimed in Psalm 68:15. We have a God who loves to be with us, lead our way, remove all obstacles that may harken our progress and be the power within. There is no need to fear the ones around you, those with the powers of this world. For with a God who made the Heavens and Earth, you are terrific, impeccable, and inconquerable, (even with all the weaknesses that pull you down), a force to reckon with. Count your many blessings and give glory and thanks to the One who dwells in you – Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
