---
title: "‘My soul shall make her boast"
date: "2025-12-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘My soul shall make her boast in the Lord: let the afflicted hear and be glad’ (Psalm 34:2)

---

### Reflection

I need not be self-sufficient in the sense of this world; there are still those patches in me that need to be set right. I may be angry for no reason at times, may be hurt, may express resentment, disbelief, or doubtfulness at other times, yet my Lord knows me, cares for me, and attends to my needs when I call out to Him. The four essential facets of a true disciple are (i) audacity to listen; (ii) genuineness to accept one’s wrongs; (iii) to trust in the Lord; and (iv) to reach out to Him. And these have been outlined by the prophet Zephaniah as he describes a rebellious city (one oppressed and defiled), because it lacked these characteristics that cater to growth. And as You and I live our lives in its integrity (accepting God’s greatness), we make manifold a contribution to those afflicted, those in the dark, those in anguish and despair – that there is hope. God’s glory manifests most fruitfully through broken lives, writhed hearts, and contrite souls. The apostle Paul underlined this spiritual truth by testifying that it was the Lord who led Him through sufferings, afflictions, sickness, persecution, imprisonment, and severities to preach the Good news with enthusiasm. Jesus invites you and me today to imbibe and assimilate the truth that will capsize our perception and future – He says ‘My Grace is sufficient for you, for in your weakness my strength is perfected’. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
