---
title: "‘Pay to all what is owed"
date: "2025-03-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Pay to all what is owed to them: taxes to whom taxes are owed, revenue to whom revenue is owed. Respect to whom respect is owed, honor to whom honor is owed’ (Romans 13:7)

---

### Reflection

Christian Spirituality is grounded on respect for the dignity of the human individual. The reason why God took the form of man to redeem mankind was to teach man the significance of his creation, the purpose attached to his existence, and to demonstrate the unending compassion of God towards a sinful human race. Not because man merited praise, but because he was the pinnacle of God’s creation entitled him to claim the unalienable rights of equality, liberty, fraternity, and peaceful co-existence. We sometimes fail to understand this basic principle; thus, we go about questioning the need for giving respect to others. To some showing respect would be proportionate to one’s stature in society, merits, charisma, and general opinion of the crowds. Off-late people have defied authority on the pretext of some of their unpleasant characteristic traits, thus undermining the authority/sovereignty of God who has elevated them as part of His plan. To comprehend God’s plan and His purpose at each moment in time may not be possible for us human beings. What we have been called to do is to accept and obey God’s will, acknowledging God’s superior wisdom over ours. Paying respect to another would just fall in line with obeying God’s plan and purpose of creation. Let this season of Lent be a homecoming for us to oblige ourselves to follow certain virtues of outstanding import. To be tolerant, a bit more patient, fervent in prayer, and obliging to one another, are things more potent than any other. Lord Jesus, give us the grace to practice these virtues even though they may seem challenging in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
