---
title: "‘For the Creation waits with eager"
date: "2025-09-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the Creation waits with eager longing for the revealing of the Sons of God’ (Romans 8:19)

---

### Reflection

We are not alone; the whole Creation stands with us, as we wait in hope of the revelation to be made to us. That we are ‘sons’ of God the Father, and no more slaves to the Prince of the world, the evil one. The sting of sin - disease, adversities, and discontent must not and cannot dominate the human mind, this is the will of God and what the Holy Spirit desires that we must acknowledge. We have the Lord Jesus, and in His name is our liberation/deliverance from all that impedes progress. Not that we have already obtained the strength to overcome, but every day is a renewed opportunity for taking hold of this strength from above. Therefore, as St Paul witnessed to us – we must also leave behind the things of the past, people, things, situations, and memories (that don’t contribute to upbuilding) and move on with the resolve that we are the Lord’s. It is not God and you, who long to see this transformation of mind in you, but the whole Creation that waits with eager longing to see you up to this transcendence, the way the Lord sees you. You were so fearfully and intricately made that here’s how nature, the Universe, and all that is living and non-living sees you. God’s message for you today is this: You are amazing, a rare species, one reflecting the glory of your Creator, who has carved you in the palm of His hands, that none can ever touch or defeat you. God loves you so much. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
