---
title: "‘Pay to all what is owed"
date: "2025-07-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Pay to all what is owed to them: taxes to whom taxes are owed, revenue to whom revenue is owed, respect to whom respect is owed, honour to whom honour is owed’ (Romans 13:7)

---

### Reflection

The sum of Jesus’s teachings – the Gospel outlines the essentials that contribute towards peaceful living on earth. There will be trials and tribulations in this life on earth, but the Lord has assured us His peace, because He has overcome them all. This peace stems from the practice of virtues of justice, mercy, and love of God, all founded on the underlying commandment ‘to love one another’. Jesus was once questioned by the Pharisees. On the legality of paying taxes to the Roman authorities, whether He supported this or not? His response was not one of disrespect/contempt for the authorities (political, religious, and social), but one of obedience, submission, and affirmation to authority (by which He clearly spelt out to His spectators that all authority was from above). Paul in his letter to the Romans, expands the horizons of this teaching of the Lord by encompassing several dimensions to it – of honour, respect and love. The voice of the Holy Spirit as is dictated to us by Paul, is to ‘pay’ to all what is owed to them. Let us first examine whether we are aware of all those to whom we owe something, whom we are supposed to pay to, and what they deserve from us? For this let us ask the Holy Spirit to enlighten our minds and hearts to see all those who deserve our honour, our respect, our consideration, our love…….It is then that we are informed of the good deeds that Jesus expects of us to do to them. Not what our intellect or reasoning may incline us to think, but what the Lord has to say to us, we are called to obey. Lord, guide and inspire us to follow your precepts and teachings (to be worthy) to receive all the promises attached to them. In Jesus name, we pray. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
