---
title: "‘It is not by strength that"
date: "2025-04-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘It is not by strength that one prevails’ (1 Samuel 2:9)

---

### Reflection

With all the strength and passion in him, Moses, (the one born to deliver the Israelites from slavery) thought he could prevail over the Egyptians with his might and tactfulness. But he had to flee from the palace to the wilderness and lead years of oblivion and hardship before being called and anointed by God at the right time. Joseph, his father’s most preferred son had to toil and struggle for years as a slave among the Ishmaelites and to the Egyptians to preserve his life until God’s appointed time for his redemption and upheaval was at hand. His father Jacob had to prevail against extreme oddities in life, which none could have survived through, without the invisible Hands of the Lord who carried him through years of struggle and pain. These and the life histories of many great men dissect before us the truth that we sometimes fail to understand. Mere human capabilities have taken none anywhere in life. Even the strongest or the most equipped may find themselves limited by someone even stronger. It is God’s will and power that proves decisive in attaining success, exaltation, and growth. Man has been created to co-create, cooperate, and collaborate with the Lord for the development and upkeep of the earth. Not by rebellion, self-aggrandizement, or merely by his wholehearted efforts do men do wonders, but by the finger of the Lord who creates from nothing, and arrays from chaos. Let us therefore offer all our strengths to the Lord, for with the blessings of He, the provider, our strengths just multiply in leaps and bounds. Lord, teach us to be faithful to honor You for what you have provided us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
