---
title: "‘Is anyone among you suffering? Let"
date: "2025-08-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Is anyone among you suffering? Let him pray. Is anyone cheerful? Let him sing praise’ (James 5:13)

---

### Reflection

The Holy Spirit today wills to teach us this fundamental lesson that God is our refuge and strength; a very present help in trouble, as echoed through the words of King David. This great King was convinced of how near the Lord was to him, when in trials, in sickness, in tribulations, in suffering, in success, and when joyful. Therefore, he prayed, ‘Do not take your Spirit away (your presence) from me, O Lord, but instead grant me a willing spirit, and sustain me.’ More than any kind of human intervention or empathy, we all need the ever-abiding presence of the Lord in life. So, to the one in distress, the Spirit of the Lord calls him/her to seek the will of God for him through Jesus. To those in suffering and pain, God’s Spirit compels them to reunite with God in prayer, rather than turn to any fragile human support. If all the negative emotions (one can ever describe) seek to strangle your mind and deprive you of needed strength, seek help and comfort from the Lord, who will break these strongholds that rattle you. When God is for you, who can defeat you? Believe and say to yourself, All that was done were the doings of the Lord for me; for He is the source of my encouragement and strength. He will work for me today, as He did (for me) yesterday and in the past. Even in the middle of suffering, I am content because He is with me, and His goodness shall follow me all the days of my life. How privileged I am with the Lord of Hosts at my side. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
