---
title: "‘He trains my hands for war"
date: "2025-04-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He trains my hands for war so that my arms can bend a bow of bronze’ (Psalm 18:34)

---

### Reflection

It was God who trained His people to withstand their enemies is reminiscent from the numbers that constituted the armies of Israel. The people of God never had an organized army or militia to fight for them until the coming of the Kings. It was after King David’s reign that a more sophisticated army evolved with horsemen, and chariots being added to the existing infrastructure of foot soldiers. Despite not having the numbers as against their enemies (Philistines, Ammonites, Canaanites) God’s people won due to their obedience to God’s directions and the strategic overtures they took up. David had to defend himself from his enemies way before he ascended the throne. His initial struggles for self-defense emerged from the animosity of King Saul who was hell-bent to murder him. There were many others from the twelve tribes who fought against him, there were times he had to hide himself taking refuge in the wilderness, and as a refugee under King Achish of Gath (who was one of Israel’s greatest enemies). All through these years, it was the strength, support, and encouragement from the Lord that equipped him for battle, protected his life, and preserved him to the time appointed for his coronation as King of Israel. None of us would enjoy being at battle- ground, or encountering daily challenges and struggles that threaten us to the very core. Each one’s struggles in life can be very different, and none can claim to have understood another (like him) of the kind of tribulations he is going through. The fact remains that it is God who sustains one and empowers him with needed strength (spiritual), strategy, tact, and bend of mind to be decisive at life’s most indecisive times. Let us pray for this grace to be led by the Lord always, to be equipped by him, who enables one to bend even the now of bronze (that which is ordinarily impossible). Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
