---
title: "‘So they picked up Jonah and"
date: "2025-10-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So they picked up Jonah and hurled him into the sea, and the sea ceased from its raging. Then the men feared the Lord exceedingly, and they offered a sacrifice to the Lord and made vows’ (Jonah 2:15,16)

---

### Reflection

The one chosen by the Lord to preach to the Ninevites was Jonah. Even though he defied God’s command, running away from the Lord to the region of Tarshish (which was away from Nineveh), God’s plan did not fail. Jonah was appointed prophet/witness to the Gentiles (ones who did not know God) to convey the message from God that if they did not repent, destruction was impending. When God calls one to spread His Word, He accords him freedom to choose if he really desired to be a messenger or not. God never imposes upon the free will of any human being; He merely knocks at our door, asking for our readiness to take up our call (also) assuring that the one who is ‘willing’ will not just be rewarded, but will be heirs to greater/impeccable gifts or insights that are yet to be revealed to mankind. He will be made a witness to God’s glory and majesty to the world. This was what transpired to God’s prophet – Jonah. He who accepted God’s calling wholeheartedly, but failed to obey His ways (by trying to execute a plan that seemed just to him) was forced to surrender to God’s ways. So it would be to you and me, for whom the Lord has a predestined plan – an incredible one; whenever we feel superior to our Creator by disobeying Him and following the inclinations of our heart, He draws us back – at times it may be painful, unpleasant, and hard for us. But when we give up, He picks up from where we have fallen, draws the path ahead for us. What we would need to do is to submit to Him, oblige humbly before Him and pray – Your will be done, O Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
