---
title: "‘He must increase, but I must"
date: "2025-12-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He must increase, but I must decrease’ [John 3:30]

---

### Reflection

In every aspect of life, Jesus calls our attention today to bring to expediency this Word of God. Jesus must grow in us more and more to render less important our instincts, perceptions, and self-centred desires. This message has become even more relevant in our era - where the ‘I’ in individuals has expanded beyond ‘leaps and bounds’ to restrict chances of survival of newer generations. Whenever people vie with one another, threats to peaceful coexistence emerge. To live and let live is one of the basic principles of life, which is forgotten by modern human beings. Violence, selfish motives, high-handed demands have thus crept into the fundamental unit of society the family, the consequences are what we see today. When Jesus comes, He focuses on ‘what we are to become’, and not, on what we are. A vision, purpose, and mission characterise what it means to develop. This applies to us human being too, without which we would be no better than any other creature. These have the power to transform, change priorities, encourage, build and support growth. The Bible reminds us that a man is remembered through his offspring and through the city he has made. You and I have been called to be the cause and foundation for generations to come, to be remembered as the repairer of breaches in walls, and restorer of streets to dwell in (Is 58:12). For this, He must increase in me, and I diminish. Lord Jesus, grace us today and grant us our prayers. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
