---
title: "‘They are Israelites, to them belong"
date: "2025-10-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘They are Israelites, to them belong the adoption, the glory, the covenants, the giving of the Law, the worship, and the promises. (Romans 9:4)

---

### Reflection

Now, if we were to take this Word of God in the context of our oneness with Christ Jesus, then what more do we need to live a life of faithfulness to God? Many a times, the crux of the message the Holy Spirit intends to convey to us is impaired because of its reference to the Israel of the Old Testament and not us. To each one of us who has received Jesus as our Lord and Master in baptism, or by faith – a great entitlement has been bequeathed to us – Sonship in God’s family, Glory of Divinity, Covenantal relationship with God, the Ten Commandments all boiling down to the Law of love, worship of the One and only God, the promises both of this world and of eternity. We hardly realize, and even if we do, we fail to exercise or make use of them, because of our sinfulness that distances us. It is our habituation to certain sins – pride that builds in us hardness of heart, preventing us from acknowledging the truth and standing by it. Instead, we iconise ourselves as righteous, more worthy, and indulge in judging others, thereby assuming God’s place. Virtues of mercy, compassion, and understanding become severely deficient in our lives. God asks us to look into ourselves, our innermost selves, to pray for the grace of knowing who we are; to acknowledge our mistakes, make amends wherever it may be needed of us, and stay humble to be worthy of the blessings that He has laid in store for us. In Jesus name, we pray. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
