---
title: "The norm that rules the roost"
date: "2025-03-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> The norm that rules the roost in our present culture is that ‘might’ is our right. Cultures and societal norms don’t just occur like that, in the blink of an eye, for, these have been honed, nourished, and rationalized by men over generations and thus take the form of legitimate norms for societal living. If generations have taught us that growth would mean the expansion of one’s horizons, conquering people and things, successfully competing with compatriots, and taking on an elevated position; If strict diktats of do’s and don’ts have been the prerogative of men who have succeeded (in the context and meaning of what the world has defined success to be)

---

### Reflection

‘But let our might be our law of right, for what is weak proves itself to be useless‘

(Wisdom 2:11)

, then where does ‘humaneness’ find its significance in a Super-human powered world? Even with all the pride, greed, chaos, lust, and deceit in humanity, we continue to thrive because of the imprints of God’s hands manifest in our midst. The meek, the patient, those differently abled/physically challenged who have outmanoeuvred impediments to survive, the kind, the merciful, those who have transformed their failures as stepping stones for others to succeed……...we are called to tag on to and build up this endless list of successful people to rewrite the definition of what it means to grow. It’s better late than ever, to make the most insignificant of initiations (of this nature) in our homes, our families, and societies. We would need to teach the coming generations that it is ok to fail at times, to be discouraged at times, to stand up against unhealthy competition, to face rejection and disapproval boldly, to say ‘no’ when values seem comprised, and to live with the power of the Spirit of God, to make that extra-ordinary mark in a disarrayed world, which thirsts for good somewhere. Let the Holy Spirit be our inspiration each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
