---
title: "‘Your words have been hard against"
date: "2025-10-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Your words have been hard against me, says the Lord….You have said it is vain to serve God. What is the profit of our keeping His charge …?’ (Malachi 3:13-14)

---

### Reflection

God censures His people on their harsh words and comments made about Him. Mankind was saved from the wrath of punishment, not because of their good deeds, but because of the mercy of God. We often tend to overlook the fact that we were redeemed by faith in Jesus. This faith, trust in Jesus, opens our hearts to be humane, to be thankful even for the little things of life. When things don’t transpire in accordance with our plans and schedules, at times, we fail to submit before God, asking of His will in our lives. Instead, we go about seeking help or advice from mortals who hardly understand our path ahead or know the upcoming events in our life’s journey. Often we end up taking wrong decisions not because we were too hasty, but because we were at crossroads (critical junctures in life) and there wasn’t any to consult with or whom we could rely on. These were circumstances created for us to seek the Lord with our whole heart. It was the Lord who led us to the brink; an opportunity He gave us to learn what it would be to be led by grace. But did we make good use of it? Or miss the opportune moment by accusing Him (implicating Him as the cause) for all the tribulations in life? Let us introspect, repent, and correct ourselves to be within the Book of remembrance of the Lord. They shall be mine, a treasured possession, I will spare them just as a father has compassion and spares his son, the Lord of hosts speaks of such a one. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
