---
title: "‘Nothing like this has ever been"
date: "2025-02-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Nothing like this has ever been seen in Israel’ (Matthew 9:33)

---

### Reflection

Through three or more incidents of healing in Chapter 9, Matthew the Evangelist throws light on the peculiar nature of our Lord – His compassion; that which he continues to this day. The Lord’s compassion is very personal, specific, and unique to each of those who prayed for His intervention in their lives. The first healing was the raising from death, the daughter of the leader of the Synagogue. Jesus respected this high official, honoured his faith in God’s power, and therefore made his way (with his disciples) to this pious man’s house. On his way, there appeared among the swarming crowds, a woman, afflicted by bleeding for 12 long years. Probably she could have been the most oblivious person in a society, known for its disregard and contempt for women. What she desired in her heart was to touch the fringe of his clothes and believed that it was enough for her healing. Jesus reached out to this woman, granting her wish. And more than that He consoles her, commends her for her great faith, that which was beyond her expectation. Then is narrated the miracle of healing two blind men who followed after Jesus praying ‘Son of David, have mercy on us’. Their wishes were granted. Jesus reached out to each of these giving them not just physical healing, but a healing of their mind and soul as well. Thus the crowds who witnessed these signs and wonders acclaimed that ‘nothing like this has ever occurred to them through history’. Even now the Lord works in ways unbelievable and even incomprehensible to us. What we receive from Him is what is most appropriate for our holistic growth. He cuts through the divides of polity, economy, and societal strata to confer us what best fits us because He knows us so personally. Whether it is peace and tranquil you are on the look out for, or for a healing in your body, or for deliverance from the dark areas of life that seem to have overpowered you……Ask Jesus to bless you. He will intervene in your life in the most ‘phenomenal’ way, that none has ever seen before. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
