---
title: "‘To the one who works, wages"
date: "2025-12-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘To the one who works, wages are not credited as a gift but as an obligation. However, to the one who does not work but trusts God who justifies the Ungodly, their faith is credited as righteousness’ (Romans 4:4,5)

---

### Reflection

The gift that God gives to the one who believes is ‘righteousness’. In a world subject to all kinds of impropriety and justification of self, how does one ensure that he does what is right? After all, you and I are vulnerable human beings, with our own instincts, inclinations, and dreams. What may be right to you may not be so from the perspective of another in this permissible world that hails individualism over societal needs. It is the Law of the Divine that honours both individuality and communal interests, to ensure liberty, equality, and fraternity are enjoyed by all His creation. And this is why the Bible teaches us that in all things God works for the good of those who love Him, and who have been called according to His purpose. To love God and to believe that He has created each of us for a defined purpose needs faith. It is faith that helps us trust God, to hold on to His Word and promises, and to move on in life, even when our world may seem engrossed in the dark. God’s Light overpowered the darkness that once rested on the earth at its time of creation. This Light was later made manifest to the level of our (human) understanding - in Jesus Christ (as He took a human nature), through whom the face of God was revealed to mankind. To trust God is indeed a choice, ‘our choice’, but to everyone who trusts He ensures them a life filled with the righteousness that comes from above. The righteousness that is not self-centred, one that can make sacrifices to move on with courage, one that God and men alike will approve. On this Day 2 of Advent, let us pray for the virtue of top-notch faithfulness in life, to demonstrate faithfulness to the end before God and before people whom God has given us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
