---
title: "‘But this is to fulfill what"
date: "2025-09-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But this is to fulfill what is written in their Law: They hated me without reason’ (John 15:25)

---

### Reflection

At times, we begin our prayers in the form of a protest before the Lord, stating ‘Despite…this is what I get’ and no doubt, our feelings and the thoughts of our mind are perfectly true. And to this, Jesus explains to us that if the world hates you, keep in mind it hated me first. But our logic and reasoning would tell us that Jesus is God, and I am just an ordinary person. All whom God chose to be His, He insisted in them the traits that constituted the Divine, extraordinary, beyond human comprehension, and often contradictory to the ways of the world. Take the case of ‘The Chosen race’ of the Old Testament – they were considered holy and set apart, for God’s works; they were in no way bound to practice the traditions and cults of those among whom they lived. The greatest of all kings of Israel, David, had to prevail over numerous struggles (from his enemies, His subjects, even His own family) during his kingship; It was his very words penned down (in Psalm 69:4 and 35:19), taken for our meditation today, that Jesus quoted while speaking to His disciples. The Lord delighted in calling Himself ‘The Son of David’, not because of the pride in David’s royalty, but because of his faithfulness to God. This Patriarch of Old speaks to us (who have our own reasons for anguish) – God sees our humble state, The Mighty intends to do great things for You and through you. Trust in Him, as the Mother of Jesus did in all the trials and misunderstandings of her life. She proved a faithful servant of God that His will may be fulfilled for the Salvation of all mankind. Believe that God, who has a purpose for ‘you’ will initiate and fulfill His purpose for you. Day 5 – let us pray for increased faith and learning to trust in the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
