---
title: "‘Do not be anxious about anything,"
date: "2025-01-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God’ (Philippians 4:6)

---

### Reflection

To You and me who go about expressing our fears and troubles to anyone and everyone, the Holy Spirit advises us to give up our worries into the hands of the Almighty, who is well aware of all that has come past us. We are called to be ‘fervent’ and ‘perseverant’ in conversing with the Lord, at all times, by expressing our prayers, and petitions, with thanks-giving. It is when these three go together, that anxiety lets go of our minds. All negative emotions and their aftereffects which the evil one has sowed deep into our hearts (minds), would need to be weeded out with the help of God’s Spirit in us. If not, these take on our understanding, reasoning, and logic thereby persuading our intellect to rebel against God. We then start questioning God, about all that is untoward around us, attributing ourselves a position of prominence equivalent to God. And this is what exactly could have happened to the fallen Angels, who rebelled against God because they envied humanity - Those who were created to serve and support the human race (Angels), found it an ‘anathema’ to obey God and fulfill His will. These apparently contributed to the fall of Human beings instead, by creating in them the notion of disbelief and doubt in God (the graciousness of God). It is prayer, that will protect our minds from being afflicted by wounds, sorrows and experiences in life. And the Lord is watchful of all who trust in Him. Therefore, our message today is to lean on to Him, start the day with thanksgiving, offering our fears, anxieties and discouragements to Him as petitions of support. The peace of God would then blanket our understanding to withstand and face all things with the power of Christ in us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
