---
title: "‘that their hearts may be encouraged,"
date: "2025-04-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘that their hearts may be encouraged, being knit together in love, to reach all the riches of full assurance of understanding and the knowledge of God’s mystery, which is Christ, in whom are hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge’ (Colossians 2:2,3)

---

### Reflection

Just as Paul prayed for all those who were brought to the faith in Jesus Christ, we must pray for ourselves each day. That our hearts may be encouraged always in love for Jesus, to acquire superior spiritual riches. It is in Christ Jesus that all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge are hidden. It is the Rock of Jesus that we are called to drink from, to satiate our hunger for the world and its desires. Anyone in Jesus Christ is transformed, made righteous before the Heavenly Father, and to this purpose we have been called and baptised in the Holy Trinity – to be born again. To be possessed and captivated by Jesus, not swayed by any philosophy, or human tradition, or by the so-called ‘elemental spirits’ that claim to rule the roost across the world. These have been in vogue ever since the world was formed, and emerged in new forms and characteristics (each time) to deceive mankind. So how do we test ourselves, if we are in Christ, rooted in Him? By constancy in efforts to grow into Him Jesus, to empty our hearts to be occupied by Him, to call to mind the record of debt that once stood against us which He has cancelled by His resurrection after being nailed to the Cross and that it was He who has already disarmed the then rulers and authorities exposing their treacherous plans and triumphing over them all. Every time we conscientiously open our hearts to Jesus, we are assured of this freedom. And He promises that He will be with us till the end of times. To the King of Kings, the Head of all rule and authority – Jesus be glory, honour and praises. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
