---
title: "‘…...so that your faith might not"
date: "2025-05-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘…...so that your faith might not rest in the wisdom of men but in the power of God’ (1 Corinthians 2:5)

---

### Reflection

We might at times feel that certain occurrences in life are unexpected. But today the Holy Spirit tells us that there are no coincidences or unexpected turnarounds in life. Every situation in life comes with its unique lessons and realizations. Abraham would not have turned into the Father of all believers, had he not left his native, his kin, and the certainties of life while at Ur. He wouldn’t have learned the meaning of perfect sacrifice to God, had he not been asked to sacrifice his only son to God (though God prevented the untoward). Isaac who learned from his father (Abraham), was calm and composed with no bickering towards the Canaanites who confiscated the very wells he dug. Jacob would never have understood the greatness and mercy of God; had he been confined to the comfort of his home with his mother. Nor would he have ever learned to develop his life skills (God-given) had he been given a better and understanding father-in-law (who never provided for his children and grandchildren – the Twelve patriarchs). The Bible tells us that no one could be as crooked as Labaan (Jacob’s father-in-law), who would go to any extent to misappropriate Jacob’s hard-earned wealth. All through the Bible enumerates tales of the unfortunate whom God chose for His great plans. Now, if in life, you are going through the unusual, the unexpected, highly distressing moments in life (blameless), it is that your faith might grow, not to rest in the wisdom of men, but in God’s might, God’s power, and God’s marvels. The Lord loves you so much, that He wishes to open the doors of Heaven at your call, so that by knowing Him, You might become His witness to the world around you. Taste and see how great the Lord is! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
