---
title: "‘They remembered that God was their"
date: "2025-07-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘They remembered that God was their Rock, that God Most High was their Redeemer’ (Psalm 78:35)

---

### Reflection

Yes, they remembered that God was their ‘rock’, who provided for them, all through the wilderness, who delivered them from the hands of their masters, the Egyptians. But as it occurs to us at times, they too (Israelites) got to remember the great deeds of the Lord, only after the strongest among them - their young warriors had succumbed to death half-way through the desert. Though they were given ‘Bread’ from Heaven and plenty of water to drink from the rock, though as a pillar of cloud and a wall of fire the Lord God accompanied them with His protective loving care; they failed to give thanks to His Holy name. They failed to recognize His presence with them, His concern for them as they traversed through the wilderness, as they were led through the midst of Red Sea over to cross into the Promised land. They were His treasured possession, those chosen from among the earth to worship and praise His name. So are we, believers in Jesus. We have been set apart from the world to proclaim ‘Jesus’ to those around us. For all that we are today, for the blessings we have been bestowed upon to this moment, for the gift of life, for the privilege to know Jesus and of His greatness accomplished on our behalf, we owe a lot to God. Therefore, in all that we do and say, let us be thankful to God, through Jesus Christ; let us offer everything today for God’s glory and for the sake of our love for Him. In whatever phase of life, we may be the truth is that Jesus alone is our ‘rock’, our ‘redeemer’, and the one whom we can trust even though things seem disrupted and disarrayed to us. For when with Him, there’s nothing we would want. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
