---
title: "‘Let what you heard from the"
date: "2025-06-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Let what you heard from the beginning abide in you. If what you heard from the beginning abides in you, then you too will abide in the Son and in the Father. And this is the promise that he made to us – Eternal life’ (1 John 2:24,25)

---

### Reflection

Taking cues from the life experiences of people who lived before us and those who are contemporaries with us, of what gave them the distinctive edge to succeed. The famed fiction series ‘Harry Potter’ would have never emerged and enthused us, thanks to the foresight and struggles of JK Rowling during her initial days of life, the reason why Charles Darwin gave up his medical studies to pursue his interest in nature studies was perhaps due to his lack of vision and understanding of what was his true calling, Michael Jordan attributed his renown to the many missed shots in life, and the volumes of experiences that each one of these taught him in his road towards success. As Christians chosen by the Lord and anointed to do His mission in the world, all that has come by in life, was just for our understanding, for our building up in faith. Everything was destined by the Lord for us, thus everything counts; because He loved us, He knew what it would cost us to be with Him and for us to be one with the Trinity. He calls us to never drawback from the foresight of His promise for us – Eternity. And towards this, He reminds us to emulate the unfailing vigour that motivated the hearts of these men and women (earlier mentioned) who finally made their lives successful on earth. Ours is a better calling, one beyond the dimensions of this world; to emulate Jesus Christ being our goal – Let us not forget our roots in faith, the people who guided us to this faith, the circumstances that made our calling live, and each situation the Lord has opened up for us today, to make a break with the things of this world, and make a mark as a true citizen of the Heavenly Kingdom. May the Spirit of Jesus, guide, counsel, protect and preserve us as we make each step in work for God’s Kingdom. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
