---
title: "‘You, dear friends, by building yourselves"
date: "2025-04-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You, dear friends, by building yourselves up in your most holy faith and praying in the Holy Spirit, keep yourselves in God’s love as you wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to bring you to eternal life’ (Jude 20,21)

---

### Reflection

You and I are obliged to strive for progression in faith. One strengthens himself/herself in faith in Jesus Christ by frequently listening to God’s Word – being keen in learning God’s Word, listening to spiritual messages, interpretations on Scripture and the teachings of the Magisterium. These resources have become even more accessible to us with the boom and expansion of the Virtual reality space. It is the Holy Spirit who guides, inspires and takes us through these open resources for elevating our understanding and horizons of knowledge of what constitutes God’s will for us. We were created to know God, His plan for our well-being, and to love Him wholeheartedly. This love for God keeps us sensitive to those around us too. We are called to keep ourselves vibrant in this love for God, a step more each day. The Lord is powerful to guard us from falling off, this we must know. And this encourages us to seek His mercy each day, not relying on past successes or failures, but on God’s works to unfold for us in newer ways. There may be things, factors, behavioural traits that the Lord may point to us as inhibiting His works in us and here is where we ask His support to overcome. Let us learn to live as ‘ourselves’, by worshipping the Lord, trusting in His mercy and grace, and preparing ourselves for that great banquet to which we have been invited in Christ when we see Him face to face in Eternity. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
