---
title: "‘They devour widow’s houses and for"
date: "2025-03-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘They devour widow’s houses and for a show make lengthy prayers. These men will be punished more severely’ (Mark 12:40)

---

### Reflection

Jesus’ condemnation of the Scribes for their pretense/guile, for being hypocritical of obeying God’s Laws outwardly but at the same time depriving those vulnerable of their legitimate rights to a peaceful living. In the days of the prophets, there were a few classes of people who were stranded, swept to the fringes of society, and had absolutely no dignity of living. One among them were the widows who had nobody to plead their cause. God was their refuge, and the people of God were instructed to be supportive of them. The ‘widows’ are those characterized for being tender, being naïve – those poor in Spirit, relying on God’s mercy for a secure living. Perhaps they would have had to blindly rely on people who represented God or the temple itself, by offering their tithes, or a portion of their wages as entitlement to the temple servers. There were those in society who could afford this - highly rich or influential, but who never were obliged by these laws. The term ‘widow’ has wider ramifications in today’s modern era, where in society we can identify several groups equally oppressed and marginalized. Looking into the most basic unit as a family, have we not discriminated between the vulnerable and the strong? When God Himself came down to us, in search of the weak, the sick, the disabled, demon-possessed, and sinful so that they could also be ensured a place of pride through redemption, do we not fare even worse than the Scribes of old? Let this season of Lent be a realization of where we are called to make a change – in our hearts, in our perception of self and of others. Grace us Lord to set away all that is hypocritical and to adorn ourselves with You – of humble and gentle Spirit. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
