---
title: "‘Shepherd your people with your staff,"
date: "2025-03-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Shepherd your people with your staff, the flock of your inheritance, which lives by itself in a forest, in fertile pasture lands. Let them feed in Bashan and Gilead as in days long ago’ (Micah 7:14)

---

### Reflection

The prayer we make (from our hearts) today to the Almighty is asking for His providence, protection, and restoration/reinstatement for us His people. The prophet Micah knew that unless the Lord builds the house (the house of Israel – which would also mean each one of us), the builders labor in vain. Thus at a time of deep distress, deprivation, and sinking glory of the Israelites (God’s people), the prophet prays to God for His intervention and rectification. There are moments in life when we are also led ‘to live by ourselves in a forest’ as God’s people had to put up with – deplorable because they felt like those who gathered summer fruit at the gleaning of the vineyard (when barrenness takes over the place of plentitude), none around them who were faithful or upright (a situation of loneliness and gloom) and when across-board there is oppression, conspiracy, and iniquity of a kind till then unknown to them. There were many great men (in the Bible) who had encountered grievous situations as this at one point in life. Joseph of the Old Testament (until he was reinstated as the second in command of Egypt by the Lord), King David (though anointed but fret with threats throughout), Moses (the Leader of God’s people, who was never obeyed by the people)… the list continues. What all these did, and what prophet Micah advised God’s people to do, was to inquire of the Lord, seek His intervention, ask for His restoration, and constant help to overcome difficulties posed by the evil. Let us therefore take heed from the prophets and patriarchs of Old, as to what we must also follow when things seem confusing, disarrayed, and disenchanting in life – to pray. Lord Jesus, shepherd us with your staff, lead us to those fertile green pastures that would support our well-being, as we remember our glorious days of old, Be with us and even more to conquer all these that threaten our comfort and peace. May the peace of Jesus rule our minds always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
