---
title: "‘Come to me, all you who"
date: "2025-12-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Come to me, all you who labour and are overburdened, and I will give you rest’ (Matthew 11:28)

---

### Reflection

At times, you and I only need a ‘reboot’ or ‘restart’ from the Lord, our Maker, not a ‘shut down’. This is easily understood by us, when we talk about the tools, instruments, and devices we use in daily life. A mere plug-off and re-plugging in would be all that is needed to get things running back to their normalcy. Our lives are no different. Spring, summer, autumn, and winter constitute the seasons in life, and often it is challenges, adversities, disruptions, and issues that reconstruct the person in us. Some may say that had we been a bit more patient, cautious, slow, or even still, many of these situations in life would never have occurred. But the truth is far from this. In every life situation, we have a stress buster, a niche to unwind, stretch ourselves, and recharge, carved for us alone, and it is with the Lord. However exhausted, demotivated, desperate, or detached, one finds himself/herself refreshed when with Jesus. Thus, the Lord asks through His prophet Isaiah, ‘To whom will you compare me? Who is my equal? This very question He asks you today, this 10th day of Advent Season; To whom/To what would you match me? Whenever you are burdened, weary, tired, and disturbed, turn to me, find in me the peace, joy, and hope that will revive your spirit. Every Word of mine is strength to the weary and power to the weak. There is nothing in this world that can outshine the glory of Light, that is me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
