---
title: "‘And He saw that they were"
date: "2025-01-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And He saw that they were making headway painfully, for the wind was against them. And about the fourth watch of the night He came to them walking on the sea. He meant to pass by them’ (Mark 6:48)

---

### Reflection

Into the deepest moments of turmoil and helplessness, when His disciples gave up their hopes for a comeback, Jesus stepped into their lives. He was aware that they were struggling to wade through the waters, the weather was hostile and even the best of fishermen would run the chance to make it to the shores. Jesus gets into their boat (takes control of their lives) and the winds subsided. The Lord wanted to teach His disciples a tip or basic instinct for survival, what we call the fundamental life-skills (in its modern connotation). With all the advancements in Science, logic, and technology today, we believe we are sufficiently equipped to take on life. Even with all life’s comforts, technical know-how, and intellectual pride, we fail, that too miserably, before some of life’s daunting realities. Many of these occurrences in life, barged in, just like that, unexpected, though only of a momentary nature, was painful, leaving us agitated and victimised. This tip that the Lord caused the disciples to experientially learn was to call upon His name in the early hours of the morning (in the fourth watch) to make a breakthrough, and this is what the Spirit of Jesus reminds us to inculcate and follow in our daily living. Great miracles took place in the lives of many (as we read through the Bible) during these wee hours of the morning (before 6AM), and so will it be for us. Lord Jesus, grace our hearts to open up to you in prayer every morning to see the wonders you desire to unravel for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
