---
title: "‘In the year that King Uzziah"
date: "2025-11-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In the year that King Uzziah died I saw the Lord sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and the train of His robe filled the temple’ (Isaiah 6:1)

---

### Reflection

Specific events or occurrences in life (good and bad) have a lasting impact upon our hearts and minds, for these trigger in us a sense of sudden realization of certain realities of life, which though were existent were in deep slumber in our hearts. You and I have encountered similar situations of the sort in life that proved to be turning points later. These were revealed to us by the Lord Himself and were meant for a greater purpose. But the shock these may have created may evade us of the calmness and serenity that till then ruled our hearts. The prophet Isaiah came across a similar kind of realization when he was in the temple, at a time after the death of the glorious King Uzziah. A deep anguish took over his heart, mind, and spirit – creating a chasm of gloom, of anxiety, and fear of what would occur then. This vision of the Lord sitting upon the throne, lifted high, and the train of His robe filling the entire temple was a healing to the prophet, from the depths of anxiety, worries, depression, and overwhelming fear. His fears were not unreal, because He knew what was to fall upon God’s people (nearing of their exile), but God’s suzerainty over everything – events, circumstances, and people was a daring reality that wiped away all negativity from his heart. He thus offers himself to God, as a witness to be His voice for the people, to comfort, console, build up and redeem them from a possible state of hopelessness. You and I are called to take the place of Isaiah, to pray for God’s people, for those given to our care, for those departed from our midst. Let our prayers and conviction be the cause of their upliftment. In Jesus name, wishing you a great Sunday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
