---
title: "‘And let the peace of Christ"
date: "2025-05-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, to which indeed you were called in one body. And be thankful’ (Colossians 3:15)

---

### Reflection

In a world where uncertainties loom large, where ‘swiftness’ and ‘strength’ call the shots and the theme that underscores is that of ‘the survival of the fittest’; the fact remains that we all long for ‘peace. The rhetoric of our times, advocated by people, brought to the negotiating tables by nations, and organizations far and wide, but what the common man is devoid of……peace. The Spirit of the Lord tells us today that there is much more we can all contribute (unlike what we think) to bring peace into this world. We are called to fervently pray for peace, that warring factions, ideologies, and causes may lose their ground and pull out. And further, we have been called to bear and deflect the peace of Christ from within. For He (Jesus Christ) is our peace; who has broken down the walls of enmity between us, reconciled us to the Father, and has promised us the standard of peace that the world can never give us. It is this peace that must rule our hearts, the peace that has elevated us as members of His body, the Church, the peace that leads us to gratitude. It is when we count the many little things in life, our moments of happiness, moments of success, of laughter, of joy, of the gifts we have been endowed with (that which many long to enjoy), there is peace, a tranquil that God’s Spirit fills us with, that which surpasses all understanding and reason, that which tames the dissent, defiance, and discord between us, teaching us to put on love that binds everything in its perfection. May the peace of Christ rule your heart as well as mine, let us learn to be thankful for all that He has gifted us because of His love for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
