---
title: "‘For this imperishable body must put"
date: "2025-11-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For this imperishable body must put on the imperishable, and this mortal body must put on immortality’ (1 Corinthians 15:53)

---

### Reflection

To adorn the imperishable and the immortal body is what we are purposed towards in this life’s journey. The month of November, specially dedicated to remind us of this obligation we have to raise our thoughts to the ethereal. For flesh and blood can not inherit the Kingdom of God. If children of God, we have a great inheritance, but what we will become is yet to be unveiled. It is through the Heavenly fire (the Holy Spirit) that we will all be tested, and bound to give an account for. None can claim to have already achieved the criteria of perfection to be in the Heavenly Kingdom, but each day we work towards obtaining perfection inch by inch. Therefore, while on earth, we must seek to be purified by God’s Spirit. In all that we go through as of today, the sufferings of the past, the pain and afflictions of a lifetime, these can be offered to the Lord as reparation for the many imperfections in life. Let us also pray for the souls who seek our prayers for this process of refinement. Day 1 – Let us offer and make reparation for all sins of the tongue that we have committed and for those souls in purgatory. Cleanse us O Holy Spirit! fill us with repentance, accept our offerings and prayers, open the doors of Heaven to us. Have mercy on us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
