---
title: "‘The Word of God in its"
date: "2025-12-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Word of God in its fullness - the mystery that has been kept hidden for ages and generations, but is now disclosed to the Lord’s people’ (Colossians 1:26)

---

### Reflection

We are the Lord’s – His treasured possession. We must know the truth……And the truth which has been, is, and was hidden for ages and generations, is now being revealed to you and me in God’s own way according to His will. His will is that all must be saved, and His way was by sending His only Son to our midst. And ‘no other’ than this is the truth, that the hope of all glory ‘Jesus Christ’ is in you. He comes to you that by His richness, you may be exalted from all the deprivations that hold you back today. But first, He must suffer persecution, be crucified, and submit to humiliation, and then by His glorious resurrection, men may learn of what it is to live. Nothing comes without a price; If God’s only Son had to give up His majestic profile to save us, how much more do we need to humble ourselves to receive what He intended for our Salvation. Greater purposes in history have been accomplished through extraordinary lives, living, and sacrifices. If God has asked of you to sacrifice a little, be reminded that He has not done so without a cause. He has given Jesus to you, that all that you dream may be accomplished through your faithfulness to Jesus. God desires that men may understand what was the greatest of all gifts open to mankind - the possibility of light(hope) and life amidst all dangers, uncertainty, and darkness. That you would be blessed to demonstrate patience to situations and people around you today, the Lord asks of you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
