---
title: "‘For I consider that the sufferings"
date: "2025-03-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worth comparing with the glory that is to be revealed to us’ (Romans 8:18)

---

### Reflection

In this Jubilee Year of ‘hope’, it is this Word of God that is to reverberate in our ears, hearts, minds, and spirits. In fact, the entire creation eagerly awaits to experience this glory that is to be revealed through the redemption of humans. St Paul explains that Creation was subjected to this futility in the light of the great hope to be unveiled; all to remind us (humans) that the present suffering is just a matter of time. To prepare us to be worthy to behold the glory that our Heavenly Father has placed in store for us, to reckon of it as the mighty work of the Lord, to stand before the Lord in gratitude and awe, we are now permitted through the tunnel of agony, of pain, of hardships, or even neglect. No amount of words may be sufficient to explain the kind of difficulty one has to deal with when one undergoes trials. The Son of God had to undergo pain, suffering, and a humiliating death, before He emerged triumphant and majestic in resurrection. He set an example for us to accept and imitate in life that just as His earthly life was wrenched in pain, despite the good He did for mankind, so would be the course of life of His followers. Not to be absorbed lifelong in the suffering, but through each pain, to imbibe the lesson the Lord intended to teach us, to humble ourselves from our pride and vanity, and more than all to be a lifesaver to another who knows not why this suffering. We have a God who is tremendously powerful to create from nothing, to empower the weak, to enlighten the unwise, and this is the hope that takes us through the periods of suffering, that with the Lord, who fights with us, we are safe, our battle is won, and victory is assured, no matter how feeble and unworthy we may be. The Holy Spirit invites us today to be proponents of ‘hope’ that the world thirsts for, to encourage the weak and stumbling to befriend the Lord and make every step ahead with the conviction that Jesus would turn it all to the best. Remember, our present sufferings are nothing when compared to the glory yet to be revealed to us, so let us wait patiently and courageously for our joy to be complete. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
