---
title: "‘And you will joyfully give thanks"
date: "2025-06-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And you will joyfully give thanks to the Father who has made you able to have a share in all that He has prepared for His people in the Kingdom of Light’ (Colossians 1:12)

---

### Reflection

The Saints (His People) were those who claimed this ‘Light’ meritoriously. The Light that destroyed all darkness, and over which darkness (in any of its form) has no dominion. The types of darkness that shroud and entangle the lives of men (making them inept) are many. To some of us, it may be the weaknesses in our bodies, disease, sickness, to others it may be loneliness, fear, dismay, and hopelessness, circumstances that have rendered others static and dysfunctional in life, sins and transgressions that have defeated some to the core…….Whatever be the darkness that you and I have been struggling with all through, there is hope and assurance for a turnaround from the One who has gone through these plagues and defeated them – Jesus Christ. This we have inherited not because we earned them, but because of the love of the Father for us. For when You and I believe in the Lord Jesus, and proclaim Him as the sum and substance of all that we are, we are saved; adorned by the Light that comes from above, and empowered to triumph over all that curtails, all that weakens, and slows our progress. It is this knowledge of the power that comes from Jesus, our rich glorious inheritance that places us at par with the Saints, the great men and women, who through their lives have proved their worthy inheritance. Let us thus thank the Heavenly Father for considering us worthy to be with Him in the Heavenly places because of His Son, Jesus Christ. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
