---
title: "‘Rain in abundance, O God, you"
date: "2025-01-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Rain in abundance, O God, you shed abroad; You restored your inheritance as it languished’ (Psalm 68:9)

---

### Reflection

The people of Israel were led through the wilderness by the Lord (we read in the Book of Exodus), onto the promised land. Through the parched lands, the Lord was their shield and provider. During the scorching heat of the day, He walked with them as a Pillar of Cloud and as a Pillar of fire during the night. And they were a great nation thus, because of the accompaniment of the Lord with them. Not that they were not wearied by the extremities of nature, the envies of men, or the torments of their own sin, but every time, they called upon God, He was at their beck and call to deliver, heal, and restore to their fullness. The Inheritance of the Lord today is ‘You’ and ‘me’. From His bounty, the Lord provides for us each day. Knowing our needs, our scarcities, and our weaknesses, the Lord replenishes us with His glory. The power of the Holy Spirit in us is the glory we behold, what distinguishes us from the world and our worth incomparable. Let us ask for more grace and power from above, the strengthening by the Holy Spirit, which recharges and equips us for greater tasks and challenges of a new day. All that was incomplete, imperfect, and inadequate of yesterdays, needs to be rebuilt and augmented today. He, the Spirit of Jesus, will empower us to bring in this change, innovative and appropriate in all walks of our life. With God, all things are possible. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
