---
title: "‘Therefore, He is able to save"
date: "2025-01-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore, He is able to save completely those who come to God through Him, because He always lives to intercede for them’ (Hebrews 7:25)

---

### Reflection

Jesus saves all those who come to Him drawing them to the Father. His sacrifice on the Cross fulfilled this reconciliation of mankind with God the Father. Created according to His (God’s) image and likeness and destined to glorify God in themselves on earth, was mankind’s purpose in creation. But when sin overtook their hearts, their Creator knew that they were enslaved, and by themselves, deliverance was an impossibility. Therefore God devised a plan for redeeming mankind and this was by sending His Son, Jesus in the form of man, so that man could relate so closely with Him and experience deliverance. In the due course of time, Jesus incarnated as a man, born to the Virgin Mary, for the sake of completing God’s immense plan for all men. By His life and death, He made the perfect atonement for the sins of mankind, because He was the High priest Eternal, who was sinless and so made His offering (the perfect sacrifice) of self to the Father for all mankind. Corruption and death had thus no right over Him, glorified through resurrection, He sits with the Father in Heaven, pleading our cause to the Father. He is the One who came down from Heaven to ensure each one of us secure our place with the Father in Heaven. Having revealed such a profound mystery of our Salvation, how can one not praise and thank the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit for giving us all that we need to make life a blessing. Glory be to the Holy Trinity, come and dwell in us and in our homes today, Lord God. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
