---
title: "‘For Zion’s sake I will not"
date: "2025-08-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For Zion’s sake I will not keep silent, for Jerusalem’s sake I will not remain quiet, till her vindication shines out like the dawn, her Salvation like a blazing torch’ (Isaiah 62:1)

---

### Reflection

You and I have a vindication, and the vanguard of our salvation is the Lord. He will not sleep nor slumber, will not pause, until You and I see the dawn of victory. What is sure to come for the ones who are the beloved of Jesus is this reward that He brings when He comes. Though it may seem quite some time, believe that Our Lord is faithful, compassionate, and determined to fulfill His promises and reward those who bear His name. We are called by your name, O Lord, we bear your Glory and power, O Lord, let not our hearts and heads fall in despair, let not those who know not ‘You’, see us fail or disheartened: but make us witnesses of Your favor – the blazing torch that enlightens all darkness. Every Word of Yours is like the iron that sharpens another, that makes us stronger day by day: to fulfill the purpose for which we have been created. So teach us to yield to what Your Spirit in us inspires us to do. For we are your masterpiece, your wonder work, created in Christ Jesus to do those specific deeds of power that has been destined before the foundations of Creation. Thank you Lord for holding us precious to Your heart, and honing us to walk with You, always and at all times. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
