---
title: "‘As a mother comforts her child,"
date: "2025-08-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘As a mother comforts her child, so will I comfort you; and you will be comforted over Jerusalem’ (Isaiah 66:13)

---

### Reflection

During the days of the restoration (after the Babylonian deportation), ‘Jerusalem’ to the remnants was indeed the land of Jerusalem, from where they once lived in glory. The prophet thus spoke to revive hope in these people, who had been lost in despondency and anguish. But to us, Jerusalem is not a specific place, but the heart of our Lord Jesus Christ – the heart that was pierced for us, from which flowed the water and blood to restore, revive, and reinstate all that is lost. A mother’s love and comfort to her child are irreplaceable; even when a mother forgets, the Lord remembers. And unlike a mother, He steps in with an overwhelming heart that throbs for us. It’s not just ‘love’ or emotional support the Lord gives us, but something more – healing, encouragement, and redemption. Every misery unspoken of, resting deep within the corners of our heart, he detects, every dream lost in the back-burners, He revives and gives wings to. It is ‘He’ our Creator and Saviour, who can re-establish and reaffirm us to where we have been destined to be, when all directions lead to nowhere. Today, Jesus promises to be our comfort, the way we are, to be our guide, and direction in life. Trust Him, and move ahead with boldness, as the prophets and Judges of Old did with a firm resolve. He would never let us fail and in Him we have and will receive grace upon grace till we reach the shores of destiny. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
