---
title: "‘…...for His word possessed authority’"
date: "2025-09-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘…...for His word possessed authority’ (Luke 4:32)

---

### Reflection

All through Jesus’s public ministry years, the crowds swarmed around Him to listen to Him; this continued till the moment of His final arrest and detention for trial by the Sanhedrin.  What drew these people towards Him was the authority that was manifest in the words and ways of Jesus. His teachings were distinct, of a different genre and type that was more humane and ‘for’ the people, in contrast to the Mosaic Law that was too voluminous and penalizing. His words were life for many, healing for the sick; His Words discerned through the minds, hearts, and spirits of people to uphold them and bring them closer to the mercy of God. Jesus was the true image of God, His mercy and unfailing love for all mankind. In the Synagogue, there was a man who possessed an unclean Spirit (who lived with/accommodated with the demon), probably unaware of his plight and the influence of the evil one on every aspect of His life. What brought him to the Synagogue, the place of prayer for the Jews, was the inadequacies of his life, the adversities he had to put up with (due to the demonic influence). Where else could he expect to be consoled than before God and His mercy? Jesus depicted the power and authority of His Word to heal this man, to drive away the evil Spirit from him, without causing him any harm - he was indeed restored. Even today, though we live in the era of Digital activism and automation, there are things we all struggle with. Those inadequacies of life, hardships, obstacles, and inhibitions that slow us down, or even detract us from our goals. To some of these, however discreet we may be, we never have answers or explanations for. Let us ask Jesus our Lord, to speak His Word of authority over all these; that tend to intimidate and deactivate us. His Word still possesses authority and will work marvels to get us through the most dire straits in life’s journey. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
