---
title: "‘A nobleman went into a far"
date: "2025-11-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘A nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and then return. Calling ten of his servants, he gave them ten minas, and said to them, ‘Engage in business until I come’ (Luke 19:12,13)

---

### Reflection

Jesus, as he said this parable to the people gathered at and around the house of Zacchaeus, was counting his days on earth. He was nearing Jerusalem, and the people believed that the kingdom of God was soon to be established by Him. This was how he began the parable – A nobleman was about to journey to a far country to receive for himself the Kingship of the land. His nobility, resoluteness, and diligence are proven in him entrusting his 10 minas (coins/ treasures) to ten servants of his choice. The purpose he gave them these minas was (i) to ensure their safety; (ii) the acceleration of their value; and (ii) the return on investments made use for the welfare of His future kingdom. He expected those who were entrusted with this wealth would be aware of their stewardship roles and responsibilities and support Him with the same bend of mind as His. When he came back, the same servants who had the minas were called back to give an account of the money. The first of them proved himself worthy by giving back ten times what he was given. The second one gave back five which he managed to enhance in place of the one given to him. Now the third servant, not that he was not aware of his duty as a steward to safeguard, but because he was probably ignorant, or puffed with pride, or a wounded/deceived person, could never think beyond his convictions, held firm to his ego and way of living, thus fearing the possibility of losing the treasure, he held fast to it, rather than exploring possibilities to magnify it. He was condemned by his master, the passage continues. For us, who live in a totally imperfect world, the Lord understands what it means to make a mark, He knew perfectly well what it meant to be betrayed, deceived, abandoned, and lost in a swift world. Therefore, He demands nothing much of us, except that we trust in Him, and take every stride this day with confidence, with commitment, and with unwavering trust in Him, to obtain the result. However routine, mundane, and uninteresting may be the demands of your day, do it to glorify the One who has entrusted this to you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
