---
title: "‘Although they know God’s righteous decree"
date: "2025-03-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Although they know God’s righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them’ (Romans 1:32)

---

### Reflection

The righteous decree of God is His mercy – that though we are all undeserving of His favor, He confers to us righteousness, to those (only those) whose lifestyles have been demonstrative of their obedience to faith in Jesus Christ. And those who discard this knowledge of God’s righteous decree fall prey to the consequence of their disobedience – a depraved mind. This is why many in the world do what they ought not to do, why there is strife, envy, murder, deceit and malice among men, why insolence, arrogance and innovative ways of doing evil are so rampant in our present culture. Because though we all know that God exists, about His infinite power, and the truth of God revealed to us through the Created world, which was reiterated to us by God reaching out to us in our human nature (Incarnation), many among us failed to glorify God, giving priority to the things of this world – the Created, finding excuses and reasons for elevating ourselves. Thus, what transpired was not only practicing of the evil, but also the glorification of that evil, justifying it as a change (essential) in line with trends and times, a broader outlook or appreciation of individual freedom. What becomes even more dangerous is that the remnant of good that we see around often is slammed/ highly overlooked as cringe, or abnormal. It is to such a culture that looms large today, the Gospel proclaims – those who do such things deserve death. Let us ask the Lord Jesus, for pardon, for forgiveness, for ignoring, belittling the ‘truth’, for condemning the right and justifying the wrong, for whatever reasons…., for all such situations where we have failed, let God’s mercy prevail, to restore, ignite and empower the truth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
