---
title: "‘He who sat there"
date: "2025-03-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He who sat there (on the throne)

---

### Reflection

had the appearance of jasper and carnelian, and around the throne was a rainbow that had the appearance of an emerald’ (Revelation 4:3)

The One enthroned is God, the Almighty – St John saw this vision of The Throne in Heaven, where was seated The Heavenly Father. The apostle was guided by the Holy Spirit to envision what would occur every time, a soul united itself with its Creator in prayer and humble submission. Then to him was revealed the majestic presence of God, who loved to be with His children. The appearance of jasper and carnelian, two precious stones signify some of the distinct characteristics of God, and how we mortals must prepare ourselves to beseech His mercy – Holiness, Purity, Righteousness, and Power. We are reminded that every time we approach this Throne of Mercy, it is with praise and admiration that we must acknowledge God’s presence. And only a heart that strives for purity, righteousness in Jesus Christ, and is willing to submit to God’s plan, will be eligible to seek and see God. ‘The Blessed’ as Jesus calls these people, whose hearts are pure, who see God in majesty and Glory, they are in turn filled with His abundance of love – ‘The rainbow’ that is seen around God’s throne. Symbolic of the fact that God wills to renew life in His people, those who seek Him, even though they may be in the midst of unending trials in life. In short, God expressed Himself to us mortals in the most simplest ways so as to fill us with hope, love, and faith. Let this sink deep into our hearts that, whenever we utter the name of God worthily, whenever we make the prayer of ‘Our Father’ with trust and love for God, this Throne of Majesty and Mercy appears before us to renew us, to strengthen and console us, protect us from all that the enemy has erected for our destruction. Whenever we glorify our Lord in the Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist, this throne of Mercy emerges to transcend us from where we were to where God wills to elevate us to. We have such a loving Father who always seeks our goodness. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
