---
title: "‘The land could not support them"
date: "2025-03-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The land could not support them while they stayed together, for their possessions were so great that they were not able to stay together…And quarreling arose between Abram’s herders and Lot’s’ (Genesis 13:6,7)

---

### Reflection

Abram had come back from Egypt to the place between Ai and Bethel where he had originally tented and worshipped the Lord. Now that he had expanded in terms of wealth, herders, and servants, the land that was previously inhabited by both him and Lot, became inadequate for them to live together. This has an indirect reference to the circumstances in our families today – not in the number of members, but in their specific choices, interests, needs to cater to, children, and of course financial stability, that it may seem inappropriate to live together harmoniously. It is here that prudence demands respecting each other’s boundaries; maintaining a healthy distance; foreseeing the possibility of quarrels due to intrusion of space/privacy and preventing their occurrence proactively. At the end of the day what matters is being bound by a true spirit of love, rather than being led by unnecessary pretension of unity before men. Abraham and Lot perceived the many complexities that would arise if they stayed together; taking (into account) that they lived among the Canaanites and Perizzites who could make things even worse between them. Let us ask the Lord Jesus, to teach us to be grounded in love, while making space for others as well as ourselves, to prevent unnecessary conflicts/quarrels among ourselves, to be Your witnesses to the people around us (our commission and vocation). Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
