---
title: "‘For seven days they celebrated with"
date: "2025-01-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For seven days they celebrated with joy by changing the Festival of Unleavened Bread, because the Lord had filled them with joy by changing the attitude of the King of Assyria so that he assisted them in the work on the house of God, the God of Israel’ (Ezra 6:22)

---

### Reflection

Chapter 6 of the Book of Ezra gives an account of how miraculously the Great King Darius issued a decree to the Jews encouraging them to complete the rebuilding of the temple at Jerusalem and how this temple was successfully dedicated to the Lord. The reconstruction of this temple was decreed way back during the first year of the reign of King Cyrus. Though work began in full swing by the Jews, they had to face stiff opposition from their adversaries, the neighbouring subsidiary nations, who (on account of envy) raised serious obstacles (erroneous claims) to delay the reconstruction works, which were finally halted until the second year of King Darius. During this time, the people persevered in their efforts towards rebuilding the temple (despite the opposition), inspired by the revelations of the prophets Haggai and Zechariah. It so occurred in history that this King ‘Darius’, too became instrumental in completing God’s will in erecting the temple at Jerusalem. It was clear to the people thus, that what God had proposed, He would cause to fulfill in its time, despite the obstacles that may arise in their path. A lesson to us too - that God is ‘in control at all times’, i.e., what He has destined would occur in its time. But to avail of some specific gifts or blessings, we who are unworthy, would need to ask of it, be perseverant in our prayers and efforts to receive them, to remove all delays in its reaching our path, or evading any possibility of losing it because of our lacklustre attitude. The Lord wills to do that miracle in your life, to fill your life with joy, by changing the minds and hearts of men and removing all hindrances that may evade your blessing. Trust in the Lord and delight in Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
