---
title: "‘For am I now seeking the"
date: "2025-01-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For am I now seeking the approval of man, or of God? Or am I trying to please man? If I were still trying to please man, I would not be a servant of Christ’ (Galatians 1:10)

---

### Reflection

The Holy Spirit points to us what must be foremost in our lives, or what must be our highest priority. This we ensure by placing a check on our words, deeds, and ways, whether we are prone to be persuaded by the dictates of men, or does the Word of God rule our minds. If it is the latter that prompts our ways, then we would turn Companions of Christ, walking the same path as He did. The Lord while in his public ministry healed the sick, proclaimed liberty to captives, and delivered men from evil afflictions, imparting in them the love of God and hope for better times. As followers of our Master and Saviour, You and I are called to be bearers of this beacon of hope and light. What can the world and its ways instil in one, other than envy, wrath, selfishness, and vain glory. It was Christ Jesus who taught the world of the immenseness of human dignity, of how compassion could change our worlds, how the power in us (the Holy Spirit) was more powerful than the one outside us (devil) and that through His path of going by the Beatitudes, we could conquer the world by faith. This faith in Christ Jesus has saved us and redeemed us righteous for His kingdom, not our works or efforts. Thus let us examine our ways and words this day, whether we have offended the Holy Spirit by breaking the Law of love and led ourselves to be lured to the sinfulness of this world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
