---
title: "‘Abram traveled through the land as"
date: "2025-03-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Abram traveled through the land as far as the site of the great tree of Moreh at Shechem. At that time the Canaanites were in the land. The Lord appeared to Abram and said:’ To your offspring I will give this land. So he built an Altar there to the Lord who had appeared to him’ (Genesis 12:6,7)

---

### Reflection

Abram (Abraham) set out from his native place – Harran, with his wife, his nephew, and belongings. The Lord had appeared to him and asked him to leave his ancestral home and move on to a land which, He would show him. It was clear that not until Abram had reached the tree of Moreh at Shechem (which is in the land of Canaan), the mention of ‘Canaan’, as the promised land (as the land Abram and his descendants were to possess) was not made by God. It is when one obeys God’s will, trusting in His sovereignty, and power to fulfil what He has promised, he makes himself worthy and approaches close to God’s promise. The context of Abram’s call narrative gives the reader a deeper insight into the nature of God as One who discerns the inner selves of men before making His choice of the one to fulfill His plan. God could instrumentalize the salvation of mankind in any possible way. But He chose to pick a man (Abraham) to partake in His plan, so that through His elect (chosen one) men may know the power and magnanimity of God and would be reconciled to their true purpose in creation (harmonious living with God). Abram/Abraham did just that, he obeyed God, set out as per His instruction, traveled as far as he was led to reach the promised land not knowing that it was here that his descendants would possess the land as a nation. God confirms His promise to him there; In response, Abraham honors God by building an altar to offer worship and praise to God. This union in Spirit and heart, God expects to see in each one of us, His followers, as we journey through this season of Lent. By reconciling with God and our fellow beings, we affirm the consummation of all God’s promises made to us in Jesus Christ as ‘Amen’

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
