---
title: "‘To what distress I have come!"
date: "2025-11-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘To what distress I have come! And into what a great flood I am now plunged! For I was kind and beloved in my power’ (1 Maccabees 6:11)

---

### Reflection

These were the words of Antiochus Epiphanes at his death bed, the King of the Seleucid Empire, who once was a symbol of terror and tyranny. His initiatives and reforms marked the beginning of the Maccabean revolt, after the Jews found themselves subjected to severe persecution and distress. What became a realization to this King at the time of his death was his once glorious reign over the divided territories of Alexander the Great; and what prompted his fall from the heights - his pride and hunger for power drove the beast in him that led him to the extreme. He defied the Temple of Jerusalem, took away all treasures within, the sacred vessels, lampstand, and table of presence and left it desecrated. As if this was not enough, he continued his evil ways by torturing Jews, persuading them to give up their faith and worship the Greek idols. His miserable death poses a lesson to us – to be cautious of our attitude and ways during our ‘spring times’, when all things fall in place; for we never know what life has in store for us. Let us pray for this grace of doing the will of God at all times. What more assurance do we need than to be enveloped in His love, mercy, and forgiveness, so that no regrets or remorse take a grip over us. Wishing you a blessed Saturday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
