---
title: "‘According to the grace of God"
date: "2025-02-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘According to the grace of God given to me, like a skilled master builder I laid a foundation, and someone else is building on it. Each builder must choose with care how to build on it’ (1 Corinthians 3:10)

---

### Reflection

St Paul was referring to God’s grace by which he wholeheartedly proclaimed the Gospel of truth. Like a skilled master builder, he worked day and night, undergoing all kinds of trials, persecutions and difficulties to make way for God’s Word among the Gentiles (as this was what he was anointed for). For us to whom the Lord has entrusted specific and unique responsibilities (according to our vocation), let us examine how we go about fulfilling these tasks. Each one of us are co-creators with the Lord, to bring about development and sustenance to our Universe. But, are we truly aware of this, our purposes in living, or do we take a mere lackluster approach by ensuring we are politically right always? Do I build up with the grace and strength given me by inviting the Holy Spirit to explore and unravel the best, or do I lean on my understanding, my years of experience, the intelligence of this world, to take on my God-given tasks, faithfully? Do I build on the foundation of Jesus Christ, my master or go about doing what pleases me and what is of much convenience to me? What emerges as the masterpiece, the end product of my effort will that day be put to test, a testimony of how carefully I worked, the artist in me that created such an incredible feat. A man will be known by his children and by the city he has built/established, the Bible teaches us (Sirach 40:19). Unless the Lord builds, all things I do go in vain. And here is the wisdom that the Lord desires of us to imbibe today. Let us engage with the Lord, on the foundation He has created and carefully build on, to create the best possible for His greater glory. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
