---
title: "‘Therefore every scribe who has been"
date: "2025-09-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore every scribe who has been trained for the kingdom of Heaven is like a master of a house, who brings out of his treasure what is new and what is old’ (Matthew 13:52)

---

### Reflection

You and I are called to be this Scribe, who is trained for God’s Kingdom. God’s Spirit is your teacher; He is your helper, guide, your leader. What He teaches you is about Jesus. All the mysteries of God for mankind’s Salvation which was hitherto hidden from the generations of old (prophets and Old Israel) is unveiled to us today by the Holy Spirit. We are thus a privileged race, a royal priesthood, and a Holy people, whom God the Father chose, through whom the works and mission of Jesus would need to be continued till end times. We are obliged to read, meditate, and seek understanding of the Word of God, Jesus Himself. From this treasure, we gain the courage of conviction to live like Jesus, proclaim His Gospel, heal many, deliver those bound by sin, captivity, and deprivations, and make way for God’s Kingdom in our midst. Jesus has already spoken of this, that the Kingdom of God is at hand, and is within us. What is more important a purpose in life is to experience the magnitude of the treasure handed over to us (hidden for ages), acknowledge the glory of God that has been bequeathed to us through Jesus, surrender to His Majesty, Jesus Christ, asking Him for the courage and strength to live our cause. Remember, You are that Scribe, bequeathed with Eternal knowledge of the Kingdom of God; Do not let things of this world discount you of the Glory of His adornment; Give thanks and praise the Lord for all that You have received from Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
