---
title: "'Someone will say, You have faith"
date: "2025-05-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> 'Someone will say, You have faith and I have works. Show me your faith apart from your works and I by my works will show you my faith' ( James 2:18)

---

### Reflection

The Bible teaches us that faith and works go together in God's kingdom. Among the two, faith predominates - it being a theological virtue along with hope and charity, gifts given from above. It is thus that without faith, one cannot please the Lord even with all the good works of our hands. Faith implies being expressed in good works. It is faith in our loving Father that persuades one to act in charity - to help the needy, to support the less privileged, to spend time and resources with another, or to walk and extra mile for another. By faith we believe, that the measure with which we have given will be given back to us, pressed down, shaken together and poured into our hands by our Father.  But since You and I have not been called to do every good deed, it is in what we do that our faith is proven. What I must do to demonstrate my unfailing trust in the Lord, will be to obey Him.  So when I begin to start doing things that the Lord asks me to do, by virtue of my faith I please the Lord. Therefore doing good which I have not been assigned to do is not my call. It is thus today's World from the Holy Spirit tells us that one cannot perceive of faith apart from works and works that do not emerge from faith. Let us humbly ask the Lord Jesus of what He expects of us today and work towards its fulfilment. In Jesus name, we pray. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
