---
title: "‘Judah is a lion’s whelp; from"
date: "2025-12-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Judah is a lion’s whelp; from the prey, my son, you have gone up. He stooped down, couched as a lion, and as a lioness; who dares rouse him up?’ [Genesis 49:9]

---

### Reflection

The most spectacular characteristic of the lion is its courage to rise, and at the same time stoop and rest in peace. No matter how silent this animal behaves, it rules the jungle not because of its aggressiveness, but merely because of its presence. Jacob’s blessing of Judah was summarized thus that he had been bequeathed the primogeniture authority that usually was to flow to the firstborn. Why was Judah elevated, though he was the most envious of his brothers (towards Joseph)? He was so wicked as to plot to do away with Joseph, though providence saved him. The Bible tells us that as time passed, he felt a great remorse within, of the consequence of his act, of having sold away his brother. Years later, when he came across a similar crisis, he was ready to give himself up as a prisoner in Egypt rather than lose Benjamin, his youngest brother. This willingness to pay for the mistakes of his past was a turning point in his destiny. Thus, from nowhere he emerged heir to the throne that was to give way for the birth of the Messiah. To pause, to couch at times, admit our mistakes, be willing to change, could prove significant in the life of any person, for him to emerge strong, to rewrite his history, make a sensation, and achieve blockbuster success. Always remember, Judah never knew of his rewritten destiny, nor did he exist to see the Messiah, but his one act had a lasting influence on the mind of God who worked out everything to fulfill his blessing. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
