---
title: "‘For the gifts and the calling"
date: "2025-11-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable’ (Romans 11:29)

---

### Reflection

The twelve apostles were chosen by Jesus, not because they were extraordinary, but because Jesus loved them (the way they were). All who were called were justified by Him, were sanctified by His Word, entrusted with the task of proclaiming the Gospel message, and were glorified. God (The Father) foreknew them and predestined them to conform to the image of His son, Jesus. As Jesus ascended into Heaven after His resurrection, He took with Him captives of men and bestowed upon them gifts. The gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable, the Bible teaches us. This means that each one will be accountable for the gifts received from the Lord. The gifts would include health, wealth, knowledge, influence, and the greatest of them all - The Holy Spirit. Have we built upon these gifts for the glory of God? - the test of fire we would all be forced to refine ourselves through? None can exclude himself/herself from being tested in this way. It is not in the intensity or magnitude of success that would be our worthiness criteria, but in all that we did, exerted ourselves into, the courage and conviction we showed in coming back even after failing time and again. St Paul warns us that let none of us be conceited by words, but let grace overshadow us. For, as it is to the Israelites, who were ‘the Chosen’ of God, they are still loved on account of the faithfulness of the Patriarchs of Old. There will be a time when these will also be wholly saved through God’s ways. Let us not judge and condemn, but pray for those who are lacking in faith; let us offer the hardships of today for a greater cause – for saving souls of lesser faith, that in Jesus our light may never fail. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
