---
title: "‘One thing have I asked of"
date: "2025-11-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘One thing have I asked of the Lord, that will I seek after: that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life…’ (Psalm 27:4)

---

### Reflection

To dwell in the house of the Lord – to live with the Lord, not merely when we are at a place of worship, but at every moment of life. To be able to converse with Him as with a friend, to open up to the Lord those hidden within the secret chambers of our heart, to ask Him for counsel, for advice, to be able to allay our fears when before Him, this is what King David meant to dwell in the house of the Lord. This experience of closeness/proximity with the Lord was what made the King distinct and counted as the first among the greatest of all Kings in history. David worshipped the Lord at the place of the tabernacle (the then living presence of God in the Old Testament), but even more honoured Him in his palace, while making significant decisions for the people, while fighting wars against enemies, and even when publicly acclaiming his folly and unworthiness in mistrusting God at times in life. He knew that it was far ‘much’ better to surrender himself to the wrath of God (seeking mercy from Him) than striving to please human beings. Thus, his strategies and decisions (political, economic, societal, welfare measures) were made putting God first, and for giving glory to God’s Holiness. Theoretically, we, ‘the Israel’ of the New Testament, know that ‘apart from Jesus’ we can do nothing, but have we been able to demonstrate and prove this conviction of ours in the perspectives of daily life? Let us ask ourselves, as to what drives the hope in us – positivity of things around, or the trust in the Lord that, at the time of need, He would pour upon us grace and mercy to prevail over all adversities in life. May we seek after you Jesus, all the days of our life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
