---
title: "‘And Elisha said to him, Take"
date: "2025-02-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And Elisha said to him, Take a bow and arrows. So He took a bow and arrows. Then he said to the King of Israel, Draw the bow and he drew it. Elisha laid his hands on the King’s hands…..then Elisha said: Shoot, and he shot. The Lord’s arrow of victory, the arrow of victory over Syria! For you shall fight the Syrians in Aphek until you have made an end of them’ (2 Kings 13:15-17)

---

### Reflection

For quite a long Israel had to counter the attacks of Syria, its neighbouring Kingdom, and it was during King Ben-Hadad’s reign, the Syrians conquered Israel, destroying almost the whole of their military force – their armed men, horsemen, chariots, etc, barring a few, thus turning them into a vulnerable lot. Despite the presence of ‘the two’ most powerful God-men (renowned prophets in history) in Israel – Elijah and his successor Elisha, the kind of influence they could create in the mindsets of the Kings of Israel was not much. Thus when everything was falling off for these kings, they still believed in themselves – in securing dominion through might and military competence, rather than in reposing their trust in the Lord God, who had control over all. The Syrians conquered Israel when it was ruled by King Jehoahaz. The reason why Israel fell prey to its neighbour was its sinfulness. But when King Jehoahaz sought the name of God for help, the nation was saved from the hands of Syria and Israelites remained in their land. However, what was most essential, a change never occurred. The people continued in Idolatry, the sin of Jeroboam – who initiated places of worship (to the Baals and Astartes) in Samaria (Israel) so that none would go down to Jerusalem the City of God in Judah (solely to satiate his interest in securing political sovereignty of Israel). Faith, trust, and love for God are invaluable gifts that can neither be compared nor be substituted with another. What was lacking in Israel was this – for which they had to pay a great price. Even when at his death-bed, Elisha supported King Joash, by asking him to shoot the arrow of God’s victory over Syria – What dominated Joash’s mindset and lorded him was his defeat and the impoverishment of his forces before the enemy. Rather than believing in God’s might, and imposing trust in God, he failed miserably at the most defining moment of his reign, which could have otherwise reversed the fortunes of Israel to rewrite a different history. Israel could thus withstand Syria only three times, (as Joash struck only three arrows) and was finally overpowered by the enemy. Remember, Opportunities knock at our door only once, unless you and I prudently make use of every little situation to our favor, trusting the presence of the Lord with us, success may seem to evade us. But even with failures, we have confidence that God Almighty is with us, to carry us through to that promised shore. May today’s Word from the Lord fill you with strength and encouragement. In Jesus name. Amen!

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
