---
title: "‘But You have come to Mount"
date: "2025-08-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But You have come to Mount Zion, to the city of the Living God, the Heavenly Jerusalem. You have come to thousands upon thousands of angels in joyful assembly’ (Hebrews 12:22)

---

### Reflection

The Wall or mountain of protection, Mount Zion – it is here we draw near every time we visit the Tabernacle of the Lord. I will be a wall of fire around you, says the Lord and the glory in you – what more can we comprehend for protection from God. Even with all turmoil around us, distress and disappointments within, You and I can claim to be at peace, because of the love of Jesus for us. He has promised us that in Him is our peace; that there will be trouble around and within while on earth, but He is the one who has conquered the world (John 16:33). It was this peace and serenity that surmounted the disciples Peter, John, and James, who were fortunate to be present at the event of the Transfiguration of our Lord. They were spell-bound, and dumb founded, that there wasn’t anything much they could explain by word of mouth of what they saw and felt while up at the Mount Tabor. So it is with us whenever we believe that this immeasurable power touches us as we approach Jesus in the Holy Eucharist. What was only the privilege of the Heavenly Hosts (to enjoy the presence of the Living Lord) is open to each one of us who believe in the Eucharist. Indeed, we have come to where thousands of the Heavenly hosts have assembled, to where praises rise incessantly, and to where we experience the real transformation of issues that entangle us. May the transfiguration feast prove a life changing experience for you this day, for this we pray. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
