---
title: "‘Until now you have asked nothing"
date: "2025-07-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Until now you have asked nothing in my name. Ask, and you will receive, that your joy may be full’ (John 16:24)

---

### Reflection

At first, what struck me was that after all the asking, pleading, and supplications made by you and me, for years (over and over again), and we offered each to our Heavenly Father in ‘Jesus’ name, but some yet seem to us unanswered. It is Jesus who spoke this to His beloved disciples - at a time when He knew it was time for the Father’s plan (for all mankind) to be fulfilled through Him. He had been with His disciples for the past three years, grooming, training, and orienting them to trust God the Father, who sent Him to the earth. Even then, He knew how feeble the faith of the disciples were; how trivial were their arguments and the convictions that they stood for; how easily these could be manipulated and influenced by the ways of the world. Thus came this conclusion to them – until now you have asked nothing in my name. That these poor disciples were totally unaware of God’s plan about them, that they were to proclaim Jesus to the ends of the earth, and what they needed was the courage, strength, and drive to fulfill their purpose – Jesus knew this and tried to progressively inform the disciples about this, but their hearts were not prepared as their times had not come to understand. This St Paul, explained ‘When I was a child, I spoke like a child, I thought and reasoned like a child, but I no longer do now.’ And what was he (exactly) doing now? He was praying for being filled with the completeness that comes from the Lord – His power of love, that surpasses all understanding. It is for this that we too are to ask in Jesus’s name – for being filled with the completeness of our personalities, through the perfection of Jesus’s love in us. Ask and you will receive, the Lord promises us; and that will make your hearts overflow with joy. Let us wholeheartedly ask the Lord to fill us with His love. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
