---
title: "‘The Lord is gracious and merciful,"
date: "2025-11-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love’ (Psalm 145:8)

---

### Reflection

The marvels of the Lord (signs and wonders) emerge from this nature of His towards us. Though we are unworthy, He looks at us with mercy and compassion, like a father to his child, He pours upon us the graces that we need to sustain ourselves. Like an eagle who stirs its nest to prepare its little ones for flight, the Lord prepares us for our daily battles, equipping us with strength, making our ways blameless, and giving us a broad footing that we may not fall. Generation after another may commend your works and declare your greatness, David prayed, meditating upon the magnanimity of God. Even when he was failing and falling, the King knew the source of His revival and what could make a drastic difference in life. So he counted on the graciousness of God, His steadfast love towards Him, and pleaded for His mercy to overwhelm Him. So must we too do, we who have seen and experienced the wonders of the Lord to this day. It is the Lord who has preserved us to this day, protected us from all possible harms, follies, and misfortunes, and led us through His path for His name’s sake. Let us therefore pray, Jesus, I praise you, adore you, and thank you for this day, for the gift of life, and for all that you intend to teach me this day. Broaden my intellect, understanding, and my horizons for growth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
