---
title: "‘Then He returned from the region"
date: "2025-04-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then He returned from the region of Tyre and went through Sidon to the Sea of Galilee in the region of the Decapolis. And they brought to Him a man who was deaf and had a speech impediment, and they begged Him to lay His hands on Him’ (Mark 7:31,32)

---

### Reflection

We are all in need of God’s mercy in some way or the other. To some, it may be a Word of consolation (that which the Syrophoenician woman was given), to others it may be a deeper intervention in the form of a touch (as the man who was deaf and dumb received). The Holy Spirit explains that the mission of the Gospel was meant to reach all mankind, not to be confined to His people, the Jews alone. To carry this message to the ends of the earth, Jesus chose the apostles, and through them, we have obtained our faith passed on to us through the generations. While on earth, Jesus began His public ministry near the Sea of Galilee (as was prophesied by the prophets of old), He moved on to Judea, Samaria, the regions of the Gentiles (Tyre and Sidon), into the Great Ten City area, the Decapolis, healing the sick, delivering those who were possessed by Demons, spreading the message of love to wherever He went. It was not the rigid traditions of those times, societal stigma, conventions or religious norms that influenced Jesus all through His period of service. He wasn’t bothered by any of these, but what mattered to Him was to make known to all mankind that there was hope, though they were in sin, that their hearts and minds would need to be opened up and that was God’s doing for them, to which they would need to consent to by faith. ‘Ephphata’ the power Word that came from Jesus was all that was needed for the deaf and dumb man to be restored to a healthy living, so it is to You and me. Let us ask the Lord to open up our minds and hearts to see, hear, and speak as He would desire of us. Ephphata; Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
