---
title: "‘But in keeping with His promise"
date: "2025-09-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But in keeping with His promise we are looking forward to a new Heaven and a new earth where righteousness dwells’ (2 Peter 3:13)

---

### Reflection

The promise is this - that He (Jesus Christ) will come again to judge the living and the dead. And in this coming, there will be a holistic restoration of the Created – a new Heaven and a new Earth. St Peter reiterates that it is not that the Lord is slow in fulfilling His promise, but patiently waits that all may be saved by repentance (change of their hearts), and live lives holy and blameless before Him.  So what matters (the most) to us who believe and wait for the Lord is (i) to continue in faithfulness, (ii) not to be carried away by the deceptions of this world, or (iii) drift away from our endurance for which there is a great reward. God is ‘Spirit’ and He longs for our spirits to grow in diligence and earnestness in the knowledge of Christ Jesus. Into the hearts of these God sends His power – immeasurable and incomparable, to work wonders for humanity in the creation of a new Heaven and Earth where justice and righteousness rule. Remember, you and I are called to work towards the coming of God’s Kingdom (righteousness, justice, and peace) in the world today. Let us pray for the grace to be the commandos of Jesus Christ more effectively and efficaciously today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
