---
title: "‘For as in one body we"
date: "2025-11-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For as in one body we have many members, and the members do not all have the same function, so we, though many, are one body in Christ, and individually members one of another’ (Romans 12:4,5)

---

### Reflection

The Holy Spirit exhorts us to put on Christ, exhibit the characteristics of a true follower of Jesus Christ by expressing genuine love. It was the Lord Jesus, His sacrifice on the Cross, and His mercy that bestowed us with gifts of varied purpose, intent, and magnitude. Not all have the same gifts: some of us are blessed with the charism of prophesying, some to serve, some to teach and exhort, some to inspire and encourage, some to give generously, and again few more with compassion. We are members of Christ’s body; we exist for one another, and this is how we perpetuate ‘abundance of life’ - the crux of the Gospel message. If one member is in pain, it impacts the entire body in some way or the other. The way of the world may be to be oblivious to the have-nots, the poor, the minorities, the marginalized, the afflicted – to have one’s way by hook or crook, to impose one’s superiority over the other. This cannot be our way, because we are one in Christ. You and I have been called to honour one another, to be devoted to those in need, to cling to the good, to be zealous for the Lord, joyful in hope, patient in suffering, faithful in prayer, hospitable always. Let us ask forgiveness from the Lord for the times we have not been faithful in word and deed, for the sins of commission and omission through which we failed to honour one another. Let us offer our prayers and reparations this day, for the souls in purgatory who may have also committed sins of the kind. Holy Spirit, enlighten our minds, hearts and Spirits to love Jesus and honour this Word from Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
