---
title: "‘……"
date: "2025-09-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘……(God)

---

### Reflection

who wants all people to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth. For there is one God and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus’ (1 Timothy 2:4,5)

The truth is that Salvation is open to all mankind in Jesus Christ. This is the truth that the Heavenly Father wants each of us to be reminded of; the message He desires must spread far and wide. For all men (irrespective of time and space), Jesus gave Himself up on the Cross as a ransom. He is the one and only mediator for the sins of mankind, through the expression of mercy and grace that was given by the Father. Thus, while on earth, Jesus taught the crowds that ‘If the Son of Man has set you free, you are indeed free’. Now ‘we’ who believe in Jesus’ name have been set free from (i) sin, (ii) transgressions of the law, (iii) our iniquities of the past, provided we yearn for this righteousness in Jesus. His Doctrine was the law of love, that which fulfilled the purpose of all existing laws.  God looks into the hearts of men, to grace those who are contrite, accept themselves as sinners – those poor in the Spirit. King David proved himself a man with a heart that ‘followed’ God, and therefore all his sins were forgiven, his House established (by Covenant) to reign over Israel as against the House of Saul, whom God condemned (though first anointed). Paul called himself the worst of sinners (one who blasphemed and persecuted Jesus Christ); but through God’s great power and might, His mercy that surpassed justice, Paul was reborn a witness for Jesus Christ, an apostle to the Gentiles. You and I are likewise called to be an example of God’s mercy to those who are ignorant of Christ Jesus. May our words, ways, and deeds prove the way. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
