---
title: "‘Put on the new self, which"
date: "2025-09-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge in the image of its Creator’ (Colossians 3:10)

---

### Reflection

The new self is one adorned with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness, and patience. Above all, it is subdued by the virtue of love. The knowledge of Christ Jesus, of what God obtained for us through the sacrifice of His Son, is what inspires us to ground ourselves in love. It is this knowledge that brings us each day closer to God and helps in discovering our call. The knowledge that ‘God’s Spirit’ who was at work on the day of Creation, is still at work in us, would prompt us to co-create with God, not to be complacent with the views and perceptions that have defined our thinking from of old. To be able to adapt and live ‘the convictions’ proven to us by the Lord Himself is where breakthroughs emerge in life. There may be times when people around may seem to misread and misinterpret our ways. It’s never going to be a pleasant experience for one to be distanced from the rest of the crowd. Nor can things ‘turn the table’ overnight. It is a constant and a slow exercise (to be practiced day in and day out) when life’s follies, trials, and setbacks teach us what it means to be with Jesus Christ. What may be meaningful to me may never seem the way for another – this is the paradox, because we are so fearfully and distinctly made. But to those who ask Him for the way ahead, He shows the Light, the path ahead, and the road to their destiny. Let this new day fill you with greater insight of what the Lord wants of you, and has in store for you, who have been so wonderfully made by Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
