---
title: "‘But the wisdom that comes from"
date: "2025-08-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But the wisdom that comes from Heaven is first of all pure, then peaceable, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruits, impartial and sincere’ (James 3:17)

---

### Reflection

We are called to yearn for the wisdom that comes from above. And this wisdom clearly distinguishes itself from the wisdom that we are often accustomed to. What we have learned from childhood has been to compare, compete, vie with one another, and then demonstrate our distinctness. But this is not what the Spirit of Jesus expects of us in our daily life. The so-called features that make for the sublime wisdom from Heaven is first of all pure, it is peaceable and accommodative, it is inclusive and considerate towards all, it is submissive before the Almighty and His precepts, it encompasses mercy and all good fruits that emerge out of a compassionate heart, it is impartial exhibiting no double standards between the haves’ and the have not’s or those marginalised, and finally it is sincere because it is the offshoot of God’s love. The love of the Lord prevails over all human perspectives, inclinations of the mind and heart, protects against sin, and finally rewards the sower with fruits of justice. Let us therefore examine ourselves in this light of God’s Word, whether the kind of wisdom we have been yielding to was that inspired by His Spirit or the promptings of our flesh. Wherever there is bitter envy, selfish ambitions, and boastfulness, there is disorder, disorientation, and the denial of truth, God’s Word teaches us. Lord Jesus, incline my heart to love you above all Creation, that I may be filled with the Divine wisdom that brings growth, healing, and deliverance in my life and in many around me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
