---
title: "‘Be strong, all you people of"
date: "2025-09-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Be strong, all you people of the land, declares the Lord, and work. For I am with you, declares the Lord Almighty. This is what I covenanted with you when you came out of Egypt. And my Spirit remains among you. Do not fear’ (Haggai 2:4-5)

---

### Reflection

To build up the ruins from ‘of old’, to raise up the temple of Jerusalem (God’s dwelling place) and the pride of the people of God was what God inspired His people to do through the words of Haggai, the prophet. Every purpose of God, He fulfils by His Word. Thus, this exhortation was made addressing not just the Jewish exiles, but also their Governor, Zerubbabel, and the High Priest Joshua. At His time, God appointed Zerubbabel, Governor for Judah, entrusting Him the task of rebuilding the Jerusalem temple, with the added promise that what would come out would surpass the former glory the temple once possessed. You and I are this temple that God desires to dwell in, to work wonders through, and be a sign of His authority, His unfailing presence in the world. We are the Covenantal people of the New Testament. Whatever you and I have undertaken to do today, the Holy Spirit commissions us to get going, to work with the conviction that He (the Spirit of Jesus) is working beside us. Not to look behind at the numerous errors of the past (knowingly or unknowingly we/others have been responsible for), but to boldly make every stride in its perfection. God is with you, so you need not fear. Jesus will equip you and me with all that we would need (resources) to set things functional and make headway. And as was the promise to Zerubbabel, that the future glory would be greater than the former, so does He bless you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
