---
title: "‘And Jacob was left alone. A"
date: "2025-07-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And Jacob was left alone. A man wrestled with him until the breaking of the day. When the man saw that he did not prevail against Jacob, he touched his hip socket, and Jacob’s hip was put out of joint as he wrestled with him. Then he said ‘Let me go, for the day has broken. But Jacob said, I will not let you go unless you bless me’ (Genesis 32:24-26)

---

### Reflection

Everyone on earth will have to encounter a day like the one Jacob had, when he was left all alone. Having obtained peace with his father-in-law, ‘Laban’ and each take on their way of life; Jacob touches upon the most crucial phase of his life – where he meets with the reality of having to face his brother, Esau, whom he had defied not once but thrice and from whom Jacob had snatched the birth right and blessings. But Jacob was never the ‘old’ Jacob who had run away from his home 20 years ago; he had grown in wealth, in prosperity, in number, and in his trust in God who had been with him all the way. Even then to face the worst was never going to be easy for him, he knew, and more than him, His Heavenly Father knew – so he is comforted by the Angels of the Lord who meet him on the way at Mahanaim. After having sent his family and belongings across the stream of Jabbok, Jacob stays back (thinking) that with the peace and solitude at that place he would be able to fix and set things right before his encounter with Esau. Here, God volunteers to prepare Jacob for his next combat, by bringing before him a wrestler, an invincible one (possibly an angel), with whom Jacob is said to have wrestled all through till the day broke. The wrestler attempts to prevail over Jacob by striking and dislocating his hip joint; and then pretends to take leave from him. Jacob holds on to him, asking for a blessing before he left. This blessing Jacob sought from the Lord, equipped him to seek favour in the sight of his brother, ‘Esau’ and to be the blessing (God intended of him) for all generations. Nothing in life comes without a price. All the pain, sacrifices, and efforts one has invested in life are counted by the Most High. Even when unrecognized by the people around us, in the most insignificant moments in life, however obscure, believe that with the Lord at our side, we are being prepared for the incredible. Let us learn to grow in trusting the Lord Jesus, always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
