---
title: "‘Let them know how far more"
date: "2025-11-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Let them know how far more excellent is the Lord than these; for the ‘original’ source of beauty fashioned them. If they were struck by their might and energy, let them realize from these things how much more powerful is the one who made them’ (Wisdom 13:3,4)

---

### Reflection

The Author of Beauty (used in Revised Standard Version Biblical text) is the name given to God, the One who fashioned this world and all created. I happened to read about the new ‘Tesla Cybertruck’, an Electric utility truck, with far more features and with its ‘elegant’/ ‘sharp’ looks – for the Automobile industry, this has opened doors for more innovation, creativity, with a futuristic utilitarian outlook. Likewise, the coming up of several humanoids – Optimus Gen2, Vyommitra (India), Generative AI agents, Quantum drug discoveries ……. have left us dumbstruck contemplating on these wonders of sorts, world over, on how the human brain has been discovering and helping renew and reshape lives of human beings on earth. If so, how much more excellent and powerful would be the One who created the human mind? This is what the Holy Spirit intends to bring to our understanding: no matter how much does, each of these revelations in Science and Technology innovates for us, we will be stalled/stuck somewhere until the Author of Beauty, our Lord decides to decipher to us.  He created everything that men may benefit from them and glorify His name. You and I have been called to co-create with the Lord, to make the world a better place to live in (with respect, integrity, and human dignity intact) rather than sitting idly and denouncing the deeds of another. Even the most ordinary or mediocre task, will be reckoned part of this co-creation, provided it is done with a sincere and faithful heart. Lord increase our skills and our trust in You. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
