---
title: "‘I have told you these things,"
date: "2025-09-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world, you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world’ (John 16:33)

---

### Reflection

Jesus knows that in the world He has sent us to inhabit, there will be tribulations, troubles; there will be situations that cause you to break away from Him and from the truth. In everyone’s life (whoever), there will be a period when he/she will find no peace, nowhere to reach out to, and a time when he/she desired (earnestly), if there had been someone who would be of solace or a source of comfort. These are really tough times, and to endure would mean to garner strength from somewhere beyond. It is here that the Lord reminds us that the strength we need is all in us, deep in our hearts. We need not go anywhere. In fact, Jesus also warns us that when you weep and lament, the world around will rejoice, because it is never adept to understand the Divine purpose (to be accomplished) behind your baffling situation. All you need is to take courage to seek the Lord who dwells in you. It is His calling to you, whether you permit Him to sign on is up to you. But this intervention is what He demands to make in your life at that very moment. In Him You will find your peace – the peace that the world can never provide. Jesus promises you encouragement, the strength to endure, and to make a mark in your life – as He did at the cross in Calvary, where He triumphantly fulfilled the will of His Father for all. He who has overcome the world, will never let you down. Though men, situations, and times may keep changing, Jesus will be the same today, as He was yesterday and even more tomorrow. Take heart and be your best. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
