---
title: "‘For the One whom God has"
date: "2025-05-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the One whom God has sent speaks the words of God, for He gives the Spirit without measure’ (John 3:34)

---

### Reflection

The Oneness of the Holy Trinity where the Father, Son, and the Holy Spirit work in unison to fulfill the master plan of Salvation for mankind is brought to our meditation today. The saints prayed for this oneness with the Lord. Paul in all humility exclaimed that even with all the revelations, the stigmata, the various signs and wonders, the Spirit of Jesus filled Him with, he was never perfected as Jesus was, while on earth. Thus, the apostle admitted that he pressed on to take hold of what Jesus had endowed in Him, not that he had already obtained his goal. But every day was an attempt for him to persevere ahead forgetting the failures of the past. The love of Jesus so fervently possessed him that he couldn’t imagine of anything greater than the Lord. You and I are likewise called to live up to what we have already attained – the gift of Sonship because of Jesus. And anyone who enters into unison with Jesus, to him is promised the power of the Holy Spirit without limits. It is unto Jesus that all authority of the Heavens and the earth has been given, that His Spirit of truth may also transform our lowly bodies to the glory that emanates from His resurrection. In Jesus’ ‘name’ we pray today for healing, for deliverance from all that is earthly and undermining our Spirit, and for the gift of anointing we earnestly need today to the One who will provide without measure. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
