---
title: "‘Truly, truly I say to you,"
date: "2025-05-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Truly, truly I say to you, a servant is not greater than his Master, nor is a messenger greater than the One who sent him. If you know these things, blessed are you if you do them’ (John 13:16,17)

---

### Reflection

We know that a servant is not greater than his master and that a messenger can never outdo the One who has sent him, but we often behave like the unfaithful servant and messenger. It is God our Master who has sent us as stewards of his goodness and graces to this world, and how do we in turn vouch for his faithfulness to us? To some wealth, possessions, name, fame, and all seem a blessing we owned through our meritorious deeds and ways. This is why we end up accusing God when suffering and pain make unexpected entries into our lives. We forget that it is Jesus who has chosen us as his prophets and witnesses in this world, to be His light, and be a shadow of His presence in a dark and disheartened world. There are ‘many’ who go around deepening the wounds of others, increasing the burden of their sufferings, and judging others. The shortcomings and set-backs of others may seem so obvious and consequential to us who (in fact) know nothing of their call or destiny, and the irony is that we neither know how to tackle even the most insignificant issues in our personal lives many a times. Thus the Lord tells each one of us – If you know these things – that you have been entrusted from above, that you are called to fulfil God’s intended purpose about you; then you are to engage in them, to be blessed. The blessing aligned to every promise is open to us when the promise is consummated, the Bible teaches us. Let us ponder upon what constitutes those promises analogous to our state of living – our Divine vocation and pray for the grace to live our lives worthy to secure these promises. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
