---
title: "‘Six days before the Passover, Jesus"
date: "2025-04-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Six days before the Passover, Jesus therefore came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, whom Jesus had raised from the dead. So they gave a dinner for Him there. Martha served, and Lazarus was one of those reclining with Him at the table…’(John 12:1-2)

---

### Reflection

To Bethany, a rather insignificant town till then, Jesus halts for a stay on His way towards Jerusalem. Jesus knew that His time had come, the time to return to His Father in Heaven, after having fulfilled His purpose of Incarnation. This was the purpose for which the Son of God came to this world, as John the Evangelist explained (1 John 3:8) – to destroy the works of the Evil one. Thus from Bethany, we see the unraveling of all the events that were prophesied (of the Messiah) by the prophets – The dinner at Lazarus’s home (symbolic of the impending Passover dinner which was the inauguration of the New Covenant), Lazarus who reclined at the table with Jesus (the cause of which many longed to see Jesus and believe in Him), Martha who served (symbolic of what the New Covenant demanded of the disciples of Jesus – to love and serve God and fellow-beings), Mary’s anointing of Jesus’ feet (which depicted the disposition of heart of a disciple would need – worship and reverence to Jesus), the later events that follow were Judas’s reaction to Mary’s devotion (the hypocrisy that leads to the downfall of any believer’s soul) and Jesus’s triumphal entry into Jerusalem which occurred the next morning. It was from Bethany that the Salvation events in the life of Jesus began, where he appeared to His disciples after His resurrection to give them the great commission, from where He ascended to the Heavens, and into where He will come a second time to carry us into our promised Land. What He would expect from us then would be to be like the family of Lazarus – a witness to the world, a heart filled with gratitude that serves, and a heart that always gives glory to God, no matter what. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
