---
title: "‘If I have prophetic powers and"
date: "2025-06-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If I have prophetic powers and understand all mysteries and all knowledge and if I have all faith, so as to move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing’ (1 Corinthians 13:2)

---

### Reflection

Paul knew that the circumstances he dwelt in made him at times arrogant, rude, to insist on his own way, he was irritable at times, and even more resentful. Considering the kind of suffering, the persecution he had to put up with, the apostle accepted that he had to first condone (himself) before the Lord, wholeheartedly accept that he was the first among sinners. And whenever he did so, the Spirit of the Lord - the Spirit of freedom, would enlighten him to experience the immeasurable greatness of God’s power at work in him, that coerced him to oblige to the Commandment of love. For us too, to oblige to our Divine call – to love is never going to be easy. (No doubt) to those who love us, who are our well-wishers, even to those who may be strangers to us, it may be quite easy to exhibit love and kindness; But what about the ones who knowingly torment us, those who are our dear and near, those who speak ill about us despite our innocence (the envious), those who are deceit filled, those who connive with the injustice we have to bear with……the list can be even longer, what we may in our human nature do is the least to ignore them. The Lord challenges us by asking us not to approach them for reconciliation, but to make a first attempt towards loving them – by praying for them. No human act or initiative can change the heart of another, without the touch of the Holy Spirit. Let us therefore seek the intervention of this Spirit of truth in us, to be able to ardently pray for those who oppose us, who misunderstand us, who disturb our sense of peace because of their erroneous perception and guile. The will of the Heavenly Father is that we all need to be saved, and so You and I are called to just plead for this grace to love and pray for all. WE ask this grace for all whom His Spirit reminds us now, that they may also be filled with power, strength, and wisdom to discern the true way – the way of Jesus – to love to the end. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
