---
title: "‘Then He rejected the tents of"
date: "2025-01-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then He rejected the tents of Joseph, He did not choose the tribe of Ephraim; but He chose the tribe of Judah, Mount Zion which He loved’ (Psalm 78:67,68)

---

### Reflection

The descendants of Joseph of the Old Testament are referred to as the tents of Joseph. These were rejected and their place of pride given over to Judah, as today’s Word from God reminds us. What could have caused such a change in God’s preference? is what we are concerned with today. The Israelite history ever since Exodus, accorded a place of eminence to Joseph (owing to his faithfulness and uprightness before God). His two sons were inheritors to a share in the promised land, who were later referred to as the half tribes of Jacob viz., Manasseh and Ephraim. Of Ephraim, God called him as His dear one, in whom He delighted and desired to show compassion. (Jeremiah 31:29) Joshua was a descendant of this tribe, so were some of the great warriors of Israel; even God’s Ark, the dwelling place of God’s presence for several years was housed in Shiloh, within the territory of Ephraim. But later there came descendants in this tribe who were unholy, wicked, and corrupt – An example was the sons of Eli, who ministered in this Holy place of God’s presence with utmost defilement. The sins committed against God’s commandments, blasphemy, irreverence and pride did not just provoke God’s wrath upon them, but deprived them of the glory of God. Devoid of God’s glory in them, they fell prey (easily) to the conquest of the Assyrians. God looks into our hearts, He looks for a heart that is devout, humble, contrite and submissive to learn from Him. What benefitted David and the tribe of Judah was this heart of David, that longed after God, attracting Him. You and I are chosen to be with Jesus, to garner strength and encouragement from Him. Whenever our hearts get distracted with things around us, we lose focus. All that is required of us is faithfulness, caution, and perseverance to obey Him each day - one day at a time, as tomorrow will carry its own burdens. Wishing you a blessed Monday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
