---
title: "‘For as often as you eat"
date: "2025-07-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For as often as you eat this bread and drink the cup, you proclaim the Lord’s death until He comes’ (1 Corinthians 11:26)

---

### Reflection

Until His second coming, You and I are exhorted by the Lord to frequent the Holy Eucharist. To partake in the Bread and drink from the cup of the Lord, which gets transubstantiated to His Body and blood in every Mass. And when we participate in this Heavenly banquet, we are reminded of the Lord’s death – the passion and death He endured to elevate us worthy for the Kingdom. This Eternal Sacrifice, when reenacted in time and space in our midst, opens the Heavens – abundance of graces to us. As He ascended to the Heights, people were filled with gifts, as St Paul explains to us in his Epistle to the Ephesians. The question posed to us now is ‘Are we prepared to behold the gifts, the graces the Lord showers on us’ each time we partake in the Banquet of Christ? Are we dressed up in the Heavenly attire He expects to see us in? (washed by His blood and sanctified to be presented to the Father). Do our prayers rise as Incense before the Heavenly Father? Let us ask the Blessed Mother to prepare us each time for the commemoration of Her Son’s sacrifice. Let us seek intercession of the saints to be able to worthily receive the Lord in bread and wine, to accept the immense graces He has bestowed on us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
