---
title: "‘Keep me from deceitful ways; Be"
date: "2025-02-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Keep me from deceitful ways; Be gracious to me and teach me your law’ (Psalm 119:29)

---

### Reflection

Every new day broadens the scope of the canvas of our minds to grasp newer elements in the precepts and Laws of the Lord. This understanding deters us from being persuaded by the status quo of yesterday, to imbibe a growth mindset to improve ourselves each day. While on this earth, none can claim to have reached the zenith of his/her potential, by merely having completed the standard set of tasks that is usual to all humans. This would not only be deceitful but also underestimating God’s plan for us. Therefore, what is expected of us human beings is to open our hearts to the wisdom from above, however fulfilling and complete our lives may seem to us. Wisdom from the Lord is overarching, sufficient, and superior to any other kind of human learning or intelligence. It surpasses all kinds of understanding, those strongholds - time, space, and other kinds of interventions have imprinted in us deep, that we sometimes find hard to let go. For to humans is unknown what future holds for them; what happens in the very next moment is unpredictable or beyond one’s control. If so, You and I are called to humble ourselves, to stop wrestling with things we find hard to understand, and to offer a heart that surrenders before the Almighty, to ask the Lord for guidance and support that would prove us right always. Be gracious to me, O Lord, to teach me your Law, which always has something new for me to imbibe and inculcate in living. I may be wrong at times, but with you and in obedience to your ways, in your sight, I will always be upright and fervent to do your will. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
