---
title: "‘Do your best to present yourself"
date: "2025-06-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Do your best to present yourself to God as one approved, a worker who has no need to be ashamed, rightly handling the Word of truth’ (2 Timothy 2:15)

---

### Reflection

To present oneself before God as one ‘approved’ is our purpose in life. A worker who is prepared to present himself before the throne of the Most High with boldness and conviction; because of his right handling of the Word of truth. About this Jesus once spoke to His disciples, that it was the mindset of ‘unworthiness’ that drew them closer to the heart of God. So you also, when you have done all that you were commanded say, we are unworthy servants, we have only done what was our duty – the disposition of the heart of one who is filled with the love of the Lord. When Jesus spoke these words to His disciples, He knew that what was humanely impossible could be made possible by the Spirit of God at work in us. It was the Holy spirit that helped Jesus fulfill His earthly mission on the Cross. And so was it this Spirit that enlightened His Mother to fulfill her call as Co-redemptrix. She who carried God’s Word in her womb and her heart, nourished and brought to fruition the will of the Father – Salvation of all mankind, will surely be at our support when we earnestly desire and thrive to build His Kingdom. In order to ensure that we are prepared to present ourselves worthy of God’s Word in word and in spirit, let us seek intercession and support from our Heavenly Mother, the Queen of Heaven and Earth. Let us ask for the grace of silence, of a calm and composed spirit that submits to God’s will above all, that we may be used to do miracles by the Mighty Hands of the Lord. May you be privileged to receive countless graces through the intercession of the Immaculate Heart of Mary today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
