---
title: "‘Pardon me, my Lord, Gideon replied."
date: "2025-08-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Pardon me, my Lord, Gideon replied. but if the Lord is with us, why has all this happened to us? (Judges 6:13)

---

### Reflection

At times, we must ask our loving Father through Jesus Christ (but with an obliging heart) why it seemed as though we were abandoned, when trials and tribulations surge past in life, when shaken by the least expected, and when in distress. This young man, chosen by God as ‘Judge’ for the Israelites, Gideon, was once in deep trouble. On the one hand, there was this ‘Midianite oppression’ that tormented him and the Israelites at large; and on the other, they had to secure food, oil, and water (necessities of living) without being plundered by their dictators. For all that they had produced in the land was confiscated by the latter, leaving them impoverished, offended, and disappointed. Having understood the travail of His people, God intervenes in their lives by anointing one among them as Judge by whom they were to be delivered from these ruthless oppressors. Thus an Angel is sent to the house of Joash, where Gideon (his son) was threshing wheat in a winepress to hide himself from being noticed by the Midianites. The Angel appeared to Gideon with God’s exhortation of encouragement, addressing him as a Mighty Warrior. Gideon would have laughed his heart out loud, having heard of the Angel’s greeting (to him it was yet another mockery, for which he had no time to waste) because ‘After all the struggle against Midianite abuse, here comes another to ridicule’. Therefore, his response was sharp, to the point, and very reasonable. It’s ok at times to ask the Lord and argue with him for all the events, occurrences, and overtures that have disturbed the otherwise smooth flow of our lives. God expected a similar reaction from Gideon, who was agitated and almost devastated. He blesses Him, empowering him to go ahead with the same vigour, to outdo the Midianites and deliver Israel from their undue subjection to the evil. Strengthen us Lord Jesus, as we make every effort today to do your will, even in the most mundane of tasks we may have to undertake today, be our provider and the reason for our vigour. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
