---
title: "‘Instead of the thorn shall come"
date: "2025-04-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Instead of the thorn shall come up the Cypress; instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle; and it shall make a name for the Lord, and everlasting sign that shall not be cut off’ (Isaiah 55:13)

---

### Reflection

What was once the land of thorns and briers that none ever looked at would now be transformed into a glorious land. This promise our Lord gives today – The Sunday of Divine Mercy, when the resurrected Lord appears to fill us (those who believe in Him) with gifts from above. To the poor in Spirit, Jesus fills with His abundance of riches and grace to turn them into everlasting signs of His mercy and compassion. You and I have been called to become a sign for the Lord to this world, who knows not the source of all riches and treasures. That All things (Even all thrones, dominions, powers, rulers, and authorities) were created for Him and through Him (Jesus), all things hold together because of Him, and He is the cause of our reconciliation, justification and worthiness before the Father. We who were sinful, and fell short of God’s grace were uplifted because of Jesus and His sacrifice upon the Cross. Therefore, let us lean on our Lord, with humility and love, pleading for His mercy. His mercy can change the course of our destiny, has power over everything that has kept us bound, and would renew us in strength, beauty, and charisma to be the cherished diadem in His Hand. May you be graced to receive your special gifts from the Sacred heart of Jesus this day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
