---
title: "‘So shall my Word be that"
date: "2025-08-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So shall my Word be that goes out from my mouth; it shall not return to me empty, but it shall accomplish that which I purpose, and shall succeed in the thing for which I sent it’ (Isaiah 55:11)

---

### Reflection

Every Word that God has spoken is ‘life’ and ‘power.’ As I read, recite, and proclaim it (me unknowing), I am filled with immeasurable power which is His Grace. What no eye has seen, no ear has heard, no human mind has ever perceived, are the things God prepares for me because of Grace. And to wrap it on, we are told that what we are now, is nothing but Grace at work. You and I in whom this Grace is implanted, is called to work a hundred-fold in dedication, in strength, and in courage, to walk that extra mile for the sake of what we have been gifted. But even when we work as hard as we can, we must admit that it was not I who worked, but His grace that did it exemplary for me. This is the quintessential source of blessing that comes from God’s Word spoken and read by us. It shall never return empty, but will work through discerning the deepest aspirations within me, and seek to accomplish each one of these, because we were loved and redeemed by the Lord. Therefore, let us assure ourselves that we who believe in Jesus, who trust in His promises, will see the fulfilment of each one of these in their most appropriate time. Let us hold firm to what we have been taught, believed, and entrusted down to by generations of old, by what our forefathers have told of the great works of might and power they were witnesses to during their lifetime. So will be our heritage, as we go about trusting the Lord. That ‘things’ now ‘not existing’ will come to pass soon, and all our hopes will become true. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
