---
title: "‘You shall winnow them, and the"
date: "2025-08-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You shall winnow them, and the wind shall carry them away, and the tempest shall scatter them. And you shall rejoice in the Lord; in the Holy One of Israel you shall glory’ (Isaiah 41:16)

---

### Reflection

Whatever has been the temptation, the pain, the sorrow, misunderstandings of a lifetime, the Lord encourages You and me to let go.  He is preparing the way for you, knowing that you are in the wilderness, obstructed and cowed down by the burdens of the currency. Jesus today tells you to rejoice, in the enlightenment of His concern and care for you; that He will never let you fall. Your past glory shall be restored many-fold. For a while, you were tested, separated from others, permitted to undergo disgrace, to be falsely charged, but He understands the depths of your worries, the rightful anxieties that you carry deep within. You are His delight, and the Apple of His eye – the one whom He follows after, though the mountains may be jolted because of the turmoil around, the hills of refuge you had expected may be no more, He will be there to support, protect, and prompt you the way ahead. All that were hindrances will thus be winnowed by every step you take with Him, the wind and the tempest (His Holy Spirit) shall scatter them away, that your way may be broad and in perfect security you may march towards your destiny. This is the promise of the Lord for you. Believe and partake of this privilege bestowed on you alone! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
