---
title: "‘He found him in a desert"
date: "2025-10-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He found him in a desert land, and in the howling waste of the wilderness; he encircled him, he cared for him, he kept him as the apple of his eye’ (Deuteronomy 32:10)

---

### Reflection

It was when the people of God were enslaved in Egypt, when they were stripped of their privileges (as descendants of Joseph, the once Prime Minister of Egypt), when they were subjected to undue hardships that they cried out to God for redemption. Till then, the dream of the Promised land was almost forgotten by these people. They were accommodating to the inconveniences of their difficult living, not knowing that God envisioned a better plan for them. It is then that they realized the providence and love of God (for them) – while in the wilderness. The Song of Moses was a reminder God made to them who were just a few miles away from the promised land, to reminisce on how marvelously God cared for them as the apple of His eye all these years. A reminder to us (too) that all that has occurred in our life was predestined by the Lord and meant to be a means to a greater end. In itself, an event may seem meaningless (just a piece in the jigsaw) but when seen in its totality, everything counts. Jesus sees through every situation in life, He equips us for greener pastures, the paths ahead may seem rough, but take heart, it is all within His well-defined plan. Let each day teach us to trust the Lord even more. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
