---
title: "‘Do not present your members to"
date: "2025-10-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Do not present your members to sin as instruments for unrighteousness, but present yourselves to God as those who have been brought from death to life and your members to God as instruments of righteousness’ (Romans 6:13)

---

### Reflection

God leaves us a choice to discern and understand that we who were once dead were brought into life through Jesus Christ. This realization must prompt us to submit to Grace, than to lean on our strengths. Because where sin reigned, where there was no relenting, Jesus redeemed us from its clutches by pouring out grace upon grace, that our human nature may be overwhelmed and taken forward by obedience to the promptings of God’s Spirit in us. This anointing in grace didn’t take place by mere words, but by His example of submission to the will of His Father, by the sacrifice of self on the Cross. Difficulties and sorrows have power to rule over the human mind, leaving us prisoners of fate, but not so any more, as Jesus has shown us the way, by enduring on the Cross, till the goal was attained – the Salvation of mankind, liberation from the strongholds of death to that of life. There is much more we are called to do, as believers, as disciples of the Lord – to work out our Salvation with endurance, with determination to do all that God has asked of us. It is through obedience to what Jesus has asked of us that we elevate ourselves to receive grace, not by waiting upon the words and ways of people around us. So let us pray to the Lord for more strength, power to belong to Him, no matter how tiring the journey has been along the way, no matter how disappointing things may at times seem to the human eye. He knows well what needs to be done and what can transform us to the image He created us, into the perfection He has called you for. As it is for slaves who look at their master, so do we do, Lord, wait upon you, until you come and take control. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
