---
title: "‘Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so"
date: "2025-04-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Simon Peter followed Jesus, and so did another disciple. Since that disciple was known to the High priest, he entered with Jesus into the courtyard of the High Priest, but Peter stood outside at the door’ (John 18:15)

---

### Reflection

Who could have been this other disciple? Bible scholars have different opinions, some state that this disciple could have been John or some other influential disciple of Jesus. Now since the name is not revealed, it is left to us to infer who this disciple was, about whom nothing more was mentioned. To me, he was Judas Iscariot, who was brilliant and known to the High priest, for the conspiracy hatched with them a week ago at the temple for thirty pieces of silver. In every possibility, Judas had just the right disposition of the heart towards Jesus, one would say – he believed that with the funds he raised, he could help Jesus overthrow the current politico-religious institution and establish His kingdom. But we are told (the Bible tells us) that his deed triggered the outbreak of Jesus’s arrest, unjust trial, and verdict of crucifixion, which we remember today. Jesus’s death on the Cross is a reminder to us that all the pain, suffering, agony, and burden of sin that Jesus carried on our behalf upto Calvary where He was crucified, was a new beginning for mankind. All our curses, treachery, iniquities, transgressions, diseases, he bore as a sacrifice of atonement before the Father for our redemption and reclaim into His Kingdom. You and I have become what we are today because of Jesus. Judas Iscariot, whose role was instrumental in Jesus’s arrest and death, stands an eye opener to us, Any one of us can at ‘such a weak’ moment in life(as he was in) turn out to do what he did, irrespective of who we are or what we proclaim. Let us therefore ask the Lord for forgiveness, grace and mercy to be faithful to Him always and throughout life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
