---
title: "‘Ask of me, and I will"
date: "2025-05-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Ask of me, and I will make the nations your heritage, and the ends of the earth your possession’ (Psalm 2:8)

---

### Reflection

There are times of helplessness in everyone’s life, when all that one does would only fall out of place, even the most extricate decisions (the lifesavers, those taken with utmost care and tact) would appear futile and of no avail. It is then one learns to calm oneself and surrender himself to the One authority Most High. The soul is tamed to trust in God, to be relentful in words, ways, and deeds, to accept how jeopardous a life would be outside the framework of God’s protection. And here is where the Lord calls us to be sensitive about as we go about life’s calling each day. Ask of me, Jesus tells us, assuring that even the nations would be made our heritage, when we ask Him with faith and with a heart ready to acknowledge His greatness. We have a God who is above all, above board, and in control of the Cosmos. It is not merely this knowledge that must dawn in one’s mind, but also the conviction to approach Him more than any other, that would lend credence/traction to our supplications made before Him. Not that God is unaware of our needs, our inadequacies, or fallacies, but He intends to uplift us to a higher level in our spiritual journey that He leads us through ‘valleys of death’, that we acknowledge, it was because of Him and His unfailing love for us that we overcame, emerged victorious, and triumphed every time though we (leave apart the people around us) never expected to make a comeback. Therefore, let this prayer be ours from the bottom of our hearts, with gratitude – Let us ask the Lord for all that we wish to be blessed with, material and spiritual progress – for a life of dignity and well-being. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
