---
title: "‘The Lord apportioned to them great"
date: "2025-02-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord apportioned to them great glory, His majesty from the beginning’ (Sirach 44:2)

---

### Reflection

It was His glory and His majesty that manifested in these ancestors of old, the Patriarchs as meritorious for mankind to behold. Conspicuous of them was their ability to make a mark in whatever they did – there were rulers of high accord and fame, people renowned for their wit and wisdom, capable of giving counsel and prophesying God’s will to His people, those who were musicians, rendering glory to God through the verses they wrote, many of them were materially rich and those who enjoyed a pride of place among their contemporaries, the name they left behind for generations to cherish. But there was one string that connected them all – their compassion and meekness that made them adorable human beings. It is this that our Lord brings to our meditation today, to reflect on how these could prove successful in captivating the hearts of both God and man alike. Jesus asks You and me to train ourselves in this essential life-skill of being humble and meek, to be compassionate and understanding towards the faults and shortcomings of those around us. Easily said, but what else could be more challenging than getting to deal with real-life situations and indifferent persons. What first comes to our mind is our sense of justice, of why men fail to adequately reciprocate the good offered to them, or why a sense of entitlement rather than responsibility rules the human mind. Here, Jesus tells us to take up each situation with Him, with the sense of Him having ‘full control’, and ‘complete knowledge’ of the way out in each crisis, not relying on our perspective and bend of mind, which can do nothing when the tides rise high. Remembering the great men and women of old, our ancestors, those who triumphed and succeeded to wade through rough waters and reaching their destiny, this is the lesson each one of them has to tell us. It is His Glory and His majesty that has to dominate our lives each moment in time, good and bad. Let us pray for His glory to overwhelm our lives, our thoughts, ways, and words, to be able to inscribe our distinctness into the annals of human history. Jesus be with you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
