---
title: "‘You who received the Law as"
date: "2025-05-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You who received the Law as delivered by Angels did not keep it...’ (Acts 7:53)

---

### Reflection

To the Scribes, the Elders, Priests, the High Priest and the entire Council of the Senhedrin to whom he was brought for trial, St Stephen boldly spoke about Jesus. Taking references from the Scriptures - the Books of the Law and the Prophets, he explained to them the mystery of God’s salvation that was fulfilled in Jesus. It was this Salvation accomplished in Jesus, which God tried in His wisdom to make known to His beloved people (the Chosen race). They failed to keep to the Laws and submit themselves to this Divine Law, which would have been a cause of their salvation. As the Bible says, they stumbled and fell. This message of the Cross which was ‘the real power’ (the world could not understand in all its wisdom) was made comprehensible and manifest to those who believed in the Word as it is preached by ordinary men. After giving an account of what transpired to those who rejected this Salvation, the very question the Holy Spirit asks You and me is this ‘Do you still intend to persist in the stubbornness of disbelief (stiff-neckedness)? Is it not better to submit ourselves to the wisdom and magnanimity of God’s mercy which longs for our come back? Let us humble ourselves before the Mighty Lord, to be exalted and glorified by Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
