---
title: "‘May God grant that I speak"
date: "2025-08-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘May God grant that I speak with judgment and have thoughts worthy of what I have received, for He is the guide even of wisdom and the corrector of the wise’ (Wisdom 7:15)

---

### Reflection

Solomon prayed for wisdom, that He might speak, judge, and act in compatibility with the heart of God. God is the provider and source of wisdom; Jesus Christ is the wisdom of God, and this personification of wisdom made known to us by the Holy Spirit, enlightens us - how to claim not just ‘wisdom’, but every other gift and promise for mankind’s well-being. In ‘Jesus’ You and I have been made eligible for every gift that comes from above. But what occurred in the life of this great King Solomon (despite his knowledge and understanding) can take control of our lives too if not cautious. Solomon was overwhelmed by the gift of wisdom, his distinctive characteristic trait. The moment he reveled in himself and failed to recognize His Creator, he was misled to rely on the inclinations of his mind, intellect, and emotions, becoming no better than any ordinary mortal. His life is a great lesson, for us, who believe we have conquered speed, time, and the Universe at large because of the so-called progress in Science, technology, Managerial skills, and foresight…..But the fact remains, that to speak with judgment and express thoughts worthy of what we are, we still need to be guided by the personification of all wisdom – Jesus Christ, who knows what best suits us and befits each one of us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
