---
title: "‘May God grant me to speak"
date: "2025-11-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘May God grant me to speak with judgment and to have thoughts worthy of what I have received, for He is guide even of wisdom and the corrector of the wise’ (Wisdom 7:15)

---

### Reflection

At times, our moves and ways are governed not by the wisdom from above, but by earthly wisdom – the events, occurrences, and beliefs that have summed up who we are. To some to be able to reconcile with the self is the most herculean task (if not impossible) than any other. The mind keeps seeking answers to questions that are way beyond the interpretation of the intellect or senses. It is only this one who has mastered the skills of looking beyond who will succeed to swim against the tides in troubled waters. Unlike what men may think, this essential life skill doesn’t get triggered merely by human effort or the power of the mind (determination). It is wisdom from above, His power, that hones our Spirit to look beyond, to find meaning in turbulent seas, to speak words of comfort, to harbour thoughts of peace, and gain the conviction to unlearn what one has learned. This is the work of grace, and to love, to live, to forgive, to undo, and redo correctly, we are all in need of grace, more than anything else. Just as light will have to give way to darkness, so will every other strength fail in the face of crisis. It is trust in the overarching accompaniment of the Lord, in His wisdom that created and sustains everything, that will drive us to our destiny unharmed. Therefore, let us pray, Lord grant me your wisdom, that I may speak with judgment, and have thoughts worthy and thankful for all that You are doing for me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
