---
title: "‘But the people of God who"
date: "2025-01-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But the people of God who pursued the law as the way of righteousness, have not attained their goal. Why not? Because they pursued it not by faith but as if it were by works. They stumbled over the stumbling stone’ (Romans 9:31,32)

---

### Reflection

The people of Israel, God’s Chosen ones, could not attain their goal, as the Holy Spirit points to us. The goal they were called for was to be witnesses to the One and only One God, to secure righteousness that emanates from God and to draw all mankind to the Salvation that God promised for all. And why were they unable to succeed? -  though the Law was given to them, the promises of blessings given to them (through the Patriarchs, Prophets and Kings), the Messiah incarnating as one among them, and God’s favour resting upon them. Only because their knowledge of the Law, their interpretation of God’s precepts and the wisdom they possessed did not lead them to a belief in Jesus Christ, the sum and substance of the Law. They pursued the Law so meticulously, so scrupulously, giving heed to every literal aspect it contained – they observed the Sabbath, tithed even a share of the mint, rue, and herbs (mentioned in the Law) but failed to express love, mercy, and compassion, which was the underlying principle of the entire Law. They failed to accept Christ Jesus, follow and obey His Words, trust in Him, despite being witnesses to all the wonder works and miracles He did for the people. This was the stumbling stone, the rock (Jesus) on which they faltered and tripped, that evaded them from the righteousness of God. This rock Jesus was at the same time the cause for the Salvation of the Gentiles, who knew nothing of the Law. While the latter offered themselves to the perfection of all Laws (Jesus), reposing faith in Him, the former leaned on their understanding, experiences, their learning, and perceptions, which were human and imperfect. Let this be our lesson today, to always trust in the Lord, to obey His Word, to be led by His grace, even though things seem irrational for our minds and Spirit. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
