---
title: "‘Does the ax raise itself above"
date: "2025-09-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Does the ax raise itself above the person who swings it, or the saw boast against the one who uses it? As if a rod were to wield the person who lifts it up, or a club brandish the one who is not wood!’ (Isaiah 10:15)

---

### Reflection

Every other sin is perpetrated by the sin of pride, and God’s Word reiterates to us that Pride goes before a fall. Today’s Word throws before us the imagery of inanimate substances that are used as instruments or effort magnifiers to achieve certain tasks. Do these instruments wield themselves against their Creator? God asks His people. And this is how we at times behave and portray ourselves before God and men. For success and achievements in life, we go about boasting, exhibiting vain glory, and exalting ourselves, forgetting the fact that we were graced or fortunate to be blessed. When the contrary occurs, we attribute it solely to God (who is responsible for our ill-fate). Humility and spiritual dependency are the keys to worship. And these insist that we surrender ourselves (with all that we believe is ours) to the Almighty, our Creator, who has enabled us this far, and will continue to do so, for greater tasks yet to unfold. This is why Jesus reminded His disciples, ‘Apart from me, you can do nothing’. Giving us a more pleasant imagery of the vine and the branches, Jesus asks us to view ourselves as the branches of the ‘vine’, which is He; to draw sap and supplement from Him to emerge stronger and bear fruit. To befriend the Lord, asking His intervention and support in our lives, is how we make things work each day. As the disciples Peter and John asked the Lord how He would wish ‘of’ them to prepare the Passover meal (the Last Supper) for them all, so should we too do (each day), asking Jesus of what He desires from us this day. Ground us to be closer to you always Lord Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
