---
title: "‘By this we know that we"
date: "2025-06-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘By this we know that we abide in Him and He in us, because He has given us of His Spirit’ (1 John 4:13)

---

### Reflection

Each one of us by ‘Baptism’ has received the Spirit of God. This Spirit that dwells within us, constantly reminds us that we belong to God. That, we have been created to be with God, to know Him, and to abide with Him by obeying Him. We are living Tabernacles carrying the Word of God in us, the temples of God (as St Paul explains), the Royal Zion (God’s preferred dwelling place) that we need to examine ourselves and refrain from all that is unholy. Our purpose of living is to grow in holiness, which is into the likeness of our Creator. His image is love and so to be perfected each day in love. This Spirit of God as we connect to Him, immerses and fills us with the love of God. The love of God demands that we must be patient, be kind, without envy, without boastfulness, or pride. We must never do anything out of self-interest alone, must respect one another, bear with the faults of the weak, be protectors of human dignity, exhibit trustworthiness, hopefulness, and perseverance in good. Towards this higher pedestal of behaviour, God’s Spirit inspires us with strength and courage each day. Not by our strength alone will this be attained for us today, but by grace that overpowers our human nature. Jesus asks us to take each small step towards holiness today in word, deed, and thought, by uniting ourselves with Him and walking with Him. He promises us growth and what more would we need as assurance from the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
