---
title: "‘This is my Gospel – Jesus"
date: "2025-02-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘This is my Gospel – Jesus Christ a descendant of King David was raised from the dead’ (2 Timothy 2:8)

---

### Reflection

St Paul while exhorting his disciple Timothy to courageously spread the Word of God, pinpointed to what was the crux of our faith. That Jesus Christ, a descendant from the lineage of King David was the Messiah whom God (The Father) sent to save mankind from their victimization to sin and death. The Resurrection from death, Jesus attained was the proof of His triumph over death and the devil, the glory He poured out to all those who received Him in faith. It is from this glory, Grace from above, that we are called to strengthen ourselves, to live the life of a Christian. Not that our lives will be devoid of troubles, and turmoil of sorts, but in every difficulty, we hold firm to our trust in the Lord, that He will not forsake us to wilt and wither – This is His promise, the promise of the Messiah, the High Priest forever, our pioneer of faith, who is ever faithful (even though we may at times be faithless to Him). God is faithful and He rewards all those who are faithful. Here comes the significance of King David, and the reference of Jesus Christ as His descendant. David, whom God anointed in place of King Saul to be the King of Israel, was a man of impeccable trustworthiness and love for God. It took him years and years of waiting to obtain the promise of Kingship over Israel (at the age of forty). From the moment he was anointed to the time he was made King, he had to go through the toughest terrains in life – fleeing from home, from the palace of King Saul, to the wilderness, with his family to Moab, then into caves, mountains and through the lands of Judah, for saving his life, the kind of enemies he had to reckon with were enormous, the threats to his life were many, but all through these years of severity, he persevered in his integrity and trust in the Lord, in every step he took ahead. Thus his life was preserved from all dangers (by God), and he was all through equipped to rule the nation, expand its boundaries, enhance its wealth and prowess and much more to handover a strong prospering nation to his posterity. What You and I do today in faithfulness and trustworthiness, would make a mark not just for us for Eternity, but also remain through posterity as a blessing that nothing can replace. Let us walk with the Lord, one step forward today, Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
