---
title: "‘I know how to be brought"
date: "2025-09-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I know how to be brought low, and I know how to abound. In any and every circumstance, I have learned the secret of facing plenty and hunger, abundance and need. I can do all things through Him who strengthens me’ (Philippians 4:12,13)

---

### Reflection

Psychologists may attribute ‘life-skills’ as key, and primordial, even to ‘emotional intelligence’ for a human being’s holistic well-being. But from where do we imbibe these essential skills? These skills equip a person with ‘flexibility’ needed to navigate through life’s twists and turns, lows and highs, plentitude and hunger, and most of all braces one up to take on life’s challenges, though all alone and incompatible with the crowds. Paul, the apostle of Jesus Christ (for Gentiles), leaves before us a mind-blowing testimony, one pragmatic, and uttered from the depths of sincerity. Unlike other disciples and apostles of the Lord, Paul was blessed with several traits (qualities) that distinguished him from others, and set him at a higher pedestal/ranking than them. Firstly, he was a man of noble origin, a Pharisee by birth; He was a Jew, from the tribe of Benjamin, something to be proud of. Secondly, None could detest his authority/knowledge of the Laws (Mosaic law), something incomparable with the rest of Jesus’ disciples. He was a man of firm determination, one who was hellbent to pursue his cause (what he thought was the truth), something that many of us today relent from in the face of difficulties. Though many of His Epistles, Paul described the kind of trials, sufferings, persecution, and challenges, he had to put up with for the sake of His preaching God’s Word (having known the ultimate truth – Jesus). What empowered him with the needed perseverance (then) was not his characteristic traits/virtues, efficiency or tactfulness, but from the Lord Jesus. His love for Paul, the understanding of the magnitude of this love for him, was what strengthened the apostle to move way beyond His possibilities, to fear nothing before Him, and to boldly continue His mission. His life-skills were the promptings of the Lord’s Spirit in Him, who protected, guided, encouraged, and vitalized him to work harder by the Grace given to him. So shall be the way the Lord teaches us when we trust in Him. And this is how posterity needs to learn. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
