---
title: "‘…. The land of a rich"
date: "2025-06-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘…. The land of a rich man produced plentifully, and he thought to himself, what shall I do, for I have nowhere to store my crops’ (Luke 12:16,17)

---

### Reflection

To be careful, to be on guard against all kinds of covetousness of this world, was what Jesus was trying to impose upon the people who came to listen to Him. Thus, he spoke this parable to them which began thus…. The land of a rich man produced plentifully. When abundance flows in (be it in the form of material blessings, success, accomplishments…...), it is so usual that people tend to oversee its source and those obligations attached to these riches. Instead, pride takes a grip on their intellect and faculties of thinking, thereby leading them to possess and hoard them. Over time, they become prisoners to these, rather than the Holy Spirit in them, thus falling prey to misappropriating these goods for hypocrisy, vainglory, and deification of the self. The rich man in the Parable narrated by Jesus, was just an ordinary person like you and me, who was fortunate to enjoy bounty in his produce. The sin of pride that unknowingly sprouted in him, caused him to think and reason out with himself of what he would need to do to store up the riches. Rather than taking recourse to the Lord (who gifted him with plentitude) he chose to decide for himself, what would best suit him. The Prince of this world, blinded him (the rich man) from realizing where he belonged, the purpose of his calling, and the right use of the resources given to his care. Thus, he failed in fulfilling or finishing the purpose of his life, His Creator had envisioned of him. A reminder to us, that to fall or to err is human, but to make a comeback by seeking after the Lord is our Divine purpose, the reason why we have been called to this earth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
