---
title: "‘..the faith and love that springs"
date: "2025-09-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘..the faith and love that springs from hope stored up for you in Heaven and about which you have already heard in the true message of the Gospel that has come to you’ (Colossians 1:5,6)

---

### Reflection

Hope wields a tremendous influence on a person’s emotional, mental, and physical well-being, causing him to keep going on through life’s challenging paths. It is God’s Word alone that can trigger the impulses to ‘sustained hope’ in mankind. Every time it is heard, God’s power begins to manifest in the lives of the listener, encouraging him to wait for the best which is yet to come. It is this hope that produces the fruits of faith and love, transforming one to a serene disposition of mind to accept reality. Society or culture may have urged us to think that it is in one’s doing, tactfulness, and intelligence that relationships are sustained. But the Spirit of God tells us that it is Grace that sustains, nurtures, and develops healthy relationships and mindsets in mankind. This Grace has the power to circumvent all human errors, forgive, forget, and transform the human mind from all that negates and destroys. It is Jesus, His message, the Gospel that does this for us. When weak, when all alone, when disappointed, when fret with impossibilities, God’s power works within us through His Word, silently, but with precision and perfection. Let us therefore permit the working of God’s power in us, by humbly opening the doors of our heart, by listening to God’s Word and improvising our lives in tune with its promptings. Our world needs this message of hope, and none can predict the kind of change the Lord can bring to a disillusioned world that thirsts for hope. Day 3 – Let us pray with the Blessed Virgin to be able to spread the Gospel – the message of hope to the world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
