---
title: "‘He gave Himself for us to"
date: "2025-01-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He gave Himself for us to redeem us from all wickedness and to purify for Himself a people that are His very own, eager to do what is good’ (Titus 2:14)

---

### Reflection

Jesus redeemed us, reclaimed us from all iniquities and sins, and transformed us into the likeness of righteousness, which was His image. And this He did, to oblige to the will of God the Father, who desired that all mankind must be saved by the sacrifice of His Son. How privileged a race, we are to have a God who longed after us, to save and render us purified as Himself, so that we may equally reciprocate to the world what it means to do good. Jesus has put into our beings this ‘passion’ to be zealous to do good. Sometimes the trials and difficulties in life were given us, only to remind us that we are frail beings, so dependent on support from the other and on God for mercy. There is in us, in this clay jar of ours, nothing to boast of, or to uphold as better than another, all because of the gift of Grace from above. So let us humbly ask the Lord, what He intends for us this day, what we are called or destined to fulfill for His glory and promise Him our commitment and dedication to all that He has opened before us to do. In all that I am Lord, and with all that You have given me, I pledge to do my best today, trusting that You will support me, equipping me with the needed skills to overcome the obstacles that clog my path and be the better ‘me’ You see within. Thank you Lord! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
