---
title: "‘A stone was cut from a"
date: "2025-11-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘A stone was cut from a mountain by no human hand, and it broke in pieces the iron, the bronze, the clay, the silver, and the gold….’ (Daniel 2:45)

---

### Reflection

To King Nebuchadnezzar was once given a dream, so impactful that it left him troubled and sleepless for days. The King immediately summoned all the men of knowledge, magicians, sorcerers, enchanters, in the land of the Chaldeans, asking them for an interpretation of this dream. The dream was thus that from nowhere there came a stone hurled at an image, a gorgeous one. This gigantic image was extraordinary, its head was made of gold, it had arms and chest of silver, thighs of bronze, and legs made of a mix of iron and clay; and in no time it was thrashed and broken into pieces. The stone that struck this image then grew into a great mountain and filled the whole earth. None of these wise men could decipher the dream or give a true interpretation to the king. Daniel, filled with God’s power, was able to intervene in this situation to give the king a correct interpretation of his dream. The message God revealed to Daniel was not just for the king to ponder on, but also for you and me. The gold, silver, and bronze have been used as metaphors to refer to significant improvements in Science & Technology in our world - the world of AI, with connected devices empowering communication, real-time predictions, swift delivery of products and services, robotics, and so on. Everything created (their glory) will surrender and be subject to the ultimate plan of God. He is the author of Creation, and His plans can never be subdued by any human creation, however substantial. Human dignity, empowerment, and the welfare of mankind are God’s purpose in creation, overriding every human instinct, intent, and design. Whenever the order of nature is challenged by self-centric motives, there is sure to follow a terminator (an action or creation of God) that will downplay or dismiss the human innovation. That men may acknowledge the glory of God and that they are mere mortals. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
