---
title: "‘You are the Light of the"
date: "2025-11-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You are the Light of the world. A city set on a hill cannot be hidden’ (Matthew 5:14)

---

### Reflection

You and I cannot, but live as the true light – the light that chases out all darkness. At the time of Creation, God spoke and willed that ‘there must be light’. He sent His only Son, Jesus, to demonstrate to mankind on what it is to be a source of luminance to all. Jesus prayed, comforted, consoled, strengthened, and empowered those who felt they had no ground – the marginalized, widowed, orphaned, the sick, the trivialized. He taught the world the essence of being poor in the Spirit, of being merciful, of waiting to be satisfied from above when agonized with injustice and iniquities from men, of learning to be resilient and reticent in the midst of adversities in life, theories that were till then unknown to the world. And then He built us up as a ‘City’, the dwelling place of His Spirit, that we may live these values extraordinarily, that men may see and learn that ‘what is impossible for men, is always possible with God’. Without His Spirit in us, we are just cities – unfortified, so vulnerable to attacks, disasters, and hazards at any time. Great men and women of old, the prophets, great Kings, and seers longed and lived as cities of the Most High. They were tested, tried, put to suffering, but their endurance made the mark, and their names indelibly monumented in the pages of history. You are also called to be illustrious, the light of the Lord, the beauty in His garden, the stream that flows in the desert, to be approved not just by men, but by Hands that carved your frame. You are so ‘phenomenal’ a person – What you do, none can, and what you fail to, none can set right. Believe and be the light! Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
