---
title: "‘I saw the glory of the"
date: "2025-06-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I saw the glory of the God of Israel coming from the east. His voice was like the roar of rushing waters, and the land was radiant with His glory.’ (Ezekiel 43:2)

---

### Reflection

The prophet Ezekiel was shown God’s Glory that came down into the land, a land which was till then desolate (Babylonian exile and destruction of the Temple). It was not without signs that God’s glory filled the land – with the sound of many waters and a light that radiated throughout the land. To the prophet was revealed the restoration of the lost glory of the people – God in His amazing mercy revived His people, gathered them from all the places to which they were strewn away, and promised them a greater future. It was this Glory of God, His Spirit that changed the plight of these grief-stricken, distraught people, who had ‘absolutely’ no hope for a comeback. The abundance of God’s grace emerged from the reconstructed temple, the place of worship of God. Similar instances of God’s glory replenishing His people were revealed to prophets Isaiah and Jeremiah, who urged the people to pray for this upcoming event to take place in their lives. In the New Testament of the Bible, we come across (a similar situation in the life of) the disciples who were plunged into darkness, unable to see the light on the other side. These were encouraged to pray in unison for power from above, the promise of the Father (His glory) to overshadow their lives and future to give rise to the next big event in history – And this was the Pentecost. As we celebrate this day of God’s glory overpowering the apostles, of overturning the course of history inaugurating the Church, and the miraculous lives of the early witnesses of Jesus, it’s our turn today, to call upon the Lord, to shower upon us the power of His Spirit, the promise of His Father, that all mankind shall be filled with glory and power, to see the great change we envision for ourselves, our families, societies and the world at large. Come Holy Spirit come, Fill the hearts of your people, Ignite in us the flame of Christ’s love. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
