---
title: "‘Behold, we consider those blessed who"
date: "2025-08-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Behold, we consider those blessed who remained steadfast. You have heard of the steadfastness of Job, and you have seen the purpose of the Lord, how the Lord is compassionate and merciful’ (James 5:11)

---

### Reflection

Being resolute and steadfast could be the hardest and most precious life skill one could imbibe in life. Living in a culture that adores ‘novelty’, and is easily drawn to the peripheral more than the core, it is so usual to be swayed by the currents of the day. Even if the so-called cold culture has had its influence over almost every aspect of society, there is still room for hope. And this is what the Holy Spirit inspires us through today’s Word - bringing to us the illustration of this wonder-man, Job, who was tested to the core. Not that his righteousness was unknown to God, but it was the Lord who permitted this man to be stripped off all that was glorious in him. To this innocent man, what could be more painful than the fact that even to his wife and his close associates, he was regarded but a black sheep. We read in the Book of Job, that this man vented out his complaints to the Most High. The waiting was quite a while, but sure as the dawn. Not that God ignored Job’s suffering, but all the while, Job was being prepared for a greater wisdom (a wisdom unknown to the world), which was only revealed to all mankind in the ‘course of time’ (through the glorification of Jesus Christ). Job was also restored a double fold for all that was taken away from him. In life’s journey, how many have been those ‘times’ when we struggled irrationally through situations, difficulties, and misunderstandings. We often felt all alone, away from the crowd, disowned, and deprived of even what we rightly deserved. But in all these, ‘believe’ that we were chosen by the Lord, who trusted in our potential, and who intended to reap a harvest by the fulfilment of His great purpose through us, not just while here on earth, but even for Eternity. You are precious, though little in your eyes, because He has regard for you as the apple of His eye. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
