---
title: "‘And if He finds it, truly"
date: "2025-12-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And if He finds it, truly I tell you, He is happier about that one sheep than about the ninety-nine that did not wander off’ (Matthew 18:13)

---

### Reflection

Every crisis, challenge, and adversity in life is a new opportunity for growth. Of course, none can compare to their impact on our otherwise serene (peaceful) mindset. And it is these situations that help us understand how much Jesus means to each one of us. When life sails smoothly, when things are all in array and order, our horizons tend to descend to where we are. Because we attain confidence, the visibility of the future, we tend to lean on ourselves, believing that nothing much needs to be done, and it is these instincts that guide our minds, convictions, and words, whenever we meet another. But this can never be so, when things seem adrift, or circumstances contend with our convictions and beliefs, when uncertainty sets in, and we get into a fix trying to find peace in the midst of the chaos. It is then that one goes beyond what he/she would normally attempt to do (usually), the aggressiveness to find a solution would bring a great transformation in our ways, words, and even mode of living. Our horizons expand much more than what we perceived them to be. And rather than calling for help from around, we are taught to reach out to the Lord. Here comes the turning point in life, when results start to show up, at times very slow, but sure. It is this one sheep that has strayed off, in search of solutions in life, for growth, that the Lord God is so pleased with. Because he has overcome the tides, the barriers of approval, of being lauded by the crowds, the insecurity of even being regarded ‘the black sheep’. Be yourself and partner with Jesus. He is happier about you trying hard to discover yourself, rather than fitting with the crowds, as a square peg in a round hole. You are loved by Him because of your uniqueness. God is with you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
