---
title: "‘When a righteous man fled from"
date: "2025-05-31"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When a righteous man fled from his brother’s wrath, she guided him on the straight paths; she showed him the Kingdom of God, and gave him knowledge of Angels. She prospered him in his labors and increased the fruit of his toil’ (Wisdom 10:10)

---

### Reflection

The righteous man referred to here is Jacob. It’s hard for us to accept Jacob as ‘righteous’ considering his past ways (deception and taking over the birthright cum blessings of his brother, Essau). Even in him, God perceived righteousness – the audacity to seek God, to learn His will, to follow the path of righteousness even when confronted with hardships and challenges in life. Jacob’s determination to brave all odds in life – through the many struggles he endured both against men and God, proved him righteous, and therefore God honored him with the title – Israel. God’s faithfulness to Israel was above board (Covenantal), even when the Israelites proved unfaithful. All He expected of them was their willingness to make a comeback. You and I are the New Israel, who have covenanted with God, through the meritorious works of Jesus, His only Son. Jesus is the personification of the wisdom that led Jacob. Through Him(Jesus) we are taught the mysteries of God’s kingdom, the paths of righteousness, and given all under Heaven and Earth as a blessing. Whoever seeks Jesus, the Way, Truth, and Life that He showed us are freed of their sins, their unworthiness, made sons of the Kingdom and co-heirs with Jesus. Know this and take heart that, in all our struggles, pain, and suffering while on earth, we are redeemed, justified, delivered, and honored by Jesus, the ‘Cornerstone’, the rock and shield of our Salvation and because of whom we live. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
