---
title: "‘In that day the Branch of"
date: "2025-12-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In that day the Branch of the Lord will be glorious and beautiful, and the fruit of the land will be the pride and glory of the survivors in Israel’ (Isaiah 4:2)

---

### Reflection

To a ‘bright’, promising future, the Word of God calls our attention to, on the first day of the Advent season of 2025. There is scope for reinforcement, a new path of light to those who align themselves with this shoot/branch, whose coming was long-awaited by the Chosen of God. Glory and beauty will radiate into our lives as it occurred in those days when Jesus incarnated in the form of a human being. Into the most desperate circumstances, the most unexpected of lives (those swept to the fringes of society – the sick, outcasts, and women), Jesus came to be their cause of Salvation. He tore down the veil that separated man from God (the curtains of the temple that separated the Holy and Holy of Holies), broke down all barriers that deterred human connectivity (cultural, Social, political), and set the stage for a new era of Grace. In fact, He was grace upon grace to all who received and believed in Him. In Day 1 of Advent, we offer our lives and life-situations to the Lord – our physique, our body, the temple of the Holy Spirit, we need a healing, a new lease of life in areas where we were just accommodating through all this while. Let us ask Jesus to surmount us, fill us with His power, remove all aches, pains, torments, and causes of grief. We offer all the sick among us, those unable to identify the cause of their illness, those unable to bear the cost of treatment, those living in the dark owing to pain and ailments they have been putting up for long…..Lord Jesus, be our branch of glory, so that we may witness to your pride and glory. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
