---
title: "‘This Jesus is the stone that"
date: "2025-04-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘This Jesus is the stone that was rejected by you, the Builders, which has become the Cornerstone. And there is Salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under Heaven given among men by which we must be saved’ (Acts 4:11,12)

---

### Reflection

The Priests, Rulers, Elders, and Scribes along with the High Priest Annas and others of the priestly class who gathered in Jerusalem to try Peter and John were the Chosen ones – those predestined to make known to all mankind the Salvation of God through Jesus Christ. (But) they failed to meet their God-given purpose or calling. It could be on account of a partial understanding of the Laws (ignorance), or due to pride or glory in the self that expressed itself in arrogance, or due to fear of losing respect from the crowds that they felt more significant (than approval from God) …..whatever…. The fact remains that by moving against the ‘will of God’ they were stunted, lost their power of conviction, and were distorted, in turn becoming a stumbling block, an erroneous foundation for anything else to be securely constructed – because they had rejected the stone that God destined to be the cornerstone. There have been several occasions in our lives too, when those called to build up failed to fulfill their roles, we may have been rejected, unjustly deprived of ‘what’ we really did deserve, and left abandoned. In all these situations, the Holy Spirit reminds us that the name of Jesus is our Saving point, the Corner Stone that builds up, from ashes, from nothing, from the dead to rise and shine before all men in glory and strength. On earth for all mankind, nothing exists that can compare to Jesus, and to what He can do to make lives beautiful. Glory to the Risen Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
