---
title: "‘And the Lord has declared today"
date: "2025-06-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And the Lord has declared today that you are a people for His treasured possession, as He has promised you, that you are to keep all His commandments, and He will set you in praise and in fame and in honor high above all nations that He has made, and that you shall be a people holy to the Lord your God, as He has promised’ (Deuteronomy 26:18,19)

---

### Reflection

To partake in His glory, the Lord calls you and me today. We were chosen before the foundations of the earth were established (in Jesus), that we may inherit this privilege of Divine sonship and be raised in fame, honor, and praise above all the nations that were created. Now if You and I were to exercise this inheritance of ours, conditions apply – we must be submissive and willing to obey every Word that comes from God. Jesus asks us to come to Him, we who carry our burdens, and are weary; that we may find the console and comfort to get going in our journey. His promises are assured, but there are periods of trials, dark situations, and chaos that we may have to encounter as we walk with Him. He permits these in our lives so that the most needed cleansing, purification, and sanctity of our souls are accomplished. Moses was led through 40 years of wilderness experience (rearing the sheep of his father-in-law) to sanctify him, to be transformed as the most capable leader for the people of God (trustworthy and meek before men and God). Joseph (son of Jacob, of the Old Testament) was deprived of the comfort and secureness of his home and family, and forced to slavery for years, while the rest of his brothers (even those who ditched him) enjoyed the pleasures of a secure life with their father. To participate in the glory that comes from above is costly. And whoever loses his life to obtain this will surely be rewarded many times more here and with a hundred-fold in Heaven. Let us plead to the Holy Spirit to help us in today’s journey to obey God’s will, His Word, and to walk before Him blameless. We admit Lord, that not by power or might will this be attainable, but by the Grace and love that flows into us from your Sacred heart. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
