---
title: "‘Nothing in all creation is hidden"
date: "2025-10-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Nothing in all creation is hidden from God’s sight. Everything is uncovered and laid bare before the eyes of Him to whom we must give account’ (Hebrews 4:13)

---

### Reflection

Unlike what we may be prone to thinking, no one can manoeuvre to change the plans and promises of God his own way. When David, the King of Israel, tried to cover up for his sins (of adultery and murder), God sent Nathan the prophet to confront him. The king had no escape but to admit and bear the consequences of his misdeeds. When Jacob the Patriarch deceived his brother and eloped with the blessings of his father, God pursued him all the way; for 21 ‘long years’ he had no rest and reprieve until he repented and asked forgiveness from his brother. When Abraham sent Ismail (his son from the servant girl Hagar) away with his mother barehanded, he was subject to a similar situation of having to abandon his son (Isaac, the son of promise) to death to prove his faithfulness before God. Everything is laid bare before the eyes of God; it is to the Lord that we will all have to give an account – for our words, deeds, motives, and thoughts. He judges by the yardstick of ‘love’, the measure we have invested in justice, equity, fairness, trustworthiness in every event and eventuality will be His concern. Therefore, whenever things don’t seem fair to us, let us also discern those circumstances in life when we were partial, unjust and insincere to those given to our care. How many times have we demonstrated wit over wisdom, over love, over selflessness and pride. Let us ask the Lord forgiveness, and openness to receive wisdom from Him that teaches us to be obedient to His ways and be more humane. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
