---
title: "‘You will seek me and find"
date: "2025-08-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You will seek me and find me, when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you, declares the Lord, and I will restore your fortunes and gather you from all the nations and all the places where I have driven you, declares the Lord. I will bring you back to the place from which I sent you into exile’ (Jeremiah 29:13,14)

---

### Reflection

King Jeconiah’s rule, one highly eventful will always be remembered in Jewish history as a pivotal juncture of change of destiny for the People of God. It was a brief (three-month) period in 597 BC, marred by revolts, siege, captivity of the royal family, the skilled craftsmen, and their deportation to Babylon. Only the poorest of the poor (among the Jews) remained in the city of Jerusalem at the time of the Babylonian subjugation, to fall prey to the sword and famines later. To this young ruler, soon after he was taken captive to a distant land of the Gentiles, was the message of God conveyed through Jeremiah to him. It was a message of hope, of a greater connect with God, and of their fortunes to be restored in the future. God asks the King, the royal family at large, and the nobles to pray for the welfare of the land to which they were enslaved, for their future was dependent on the prosperity of the alien land they were made to inhabit. The King with his nobles repented, asked God for forgiveness, and patiently endured this period of agony, trusting in God’s intervention and waiting for the same. History tells us that 37 years later, this King was released from prison, honoured by a descendant of the Babylonian King, and given his due. God fulfilled his promise of restoration, bringing the remnants of His people back to Jerusalem in the course of time, where they rebuilt the temple and city. It is God who reinstates, recreates, and re-establishes us to our state of glory. Now imagine, if we were to receive a message from God like the one King Jeconiah received, at a time when all hopes and dreams for a future are utterly shattered? Would we ever pay heed to what God wants to tell us to make a comeback? Or would we rely on our sinking beliefs, failing hopes, and the opinions of those around us? Let us ask ourselves. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
