---
title: "‘Then King David was told, ‘The"
date: "2025-01-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then King David was told, ‘The Lord has blessed Obed-edom’s household and everything He has because of the Ark of God. So David went there and brought the Ark of God from the House of Obed-edom to the City of David with a great celebration’ (2 Samuel 6:12)

---

### Reflection

Having known of the favour that Obed-edom and his household received from the Lord, because of the presence of the Ark of God with them, David reverently responds by bringing the Ark into Jerusalem, the City of David. The transfer of the Ark, (symbolic of God’s presence with His people) from Shiloh to Jerusalem, was in accordance with God’s will, providence, and master plan for Salvation of all men. When the House of Joseph (Ephraim and Manasseh – warriors among the Israelites) failed to respond gratuitously to God’s favor towards them, they lost their glory. It is written that the Ark never returned to Shiloh, after the war with the Philistines. For some time it was at Beth-Shemesh, and then taken to Kiriath Jearim and from there King David ordered it to be taken to Jerusalem. While in Beth-Shemesh and from Kiriath Jearim, when people inappropriately welcomed the presence of the Ark, they set themselves in great trouble (being punished by God for their sacrilege). David was perplexed and afraid, of what would be the plight if the Ark was brought to His palace, so it was left at Obed-edom’s place. Here the favour demonstrated by the Lord to Obed-edom (by making his household prosperous), was a sign to David to move forward with his plan of bringing the Ark to the City of David. The King therefore goes to Obed-edom, with the Levites and all people, in due reverence in compliance with the tenets of God’s law, the Ark is brought to Jerusalem with much celebration. How do we respond to grace, when given freely from above? Do we accept it wholeheartedly with mind, body, and spirit, or do we leave it to the realm of the spirit alone, with our bodies into the world? The Lord blesses the contrite of heart, the humble and yielding in spirit to His Word. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
