---
title: "‘We ought always to give thanks"
date: "2025-06-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘We ought always to give thanks to God for you, brothers beloved by the Lord, because God chose you as the first fruits to be saved, through sanctification by the Spirit and belief in the truth’ (2 Thessalonians 2:13)

---

### Reflection

We are indeed privileged to be the beloved of the Lord because God chose us as the first fruits of Salvation. But all is not done, there is much more to be transformed, harvested, and redeemed till the end times, God’s Word reminds us. The will of God is that all men shall come to know Jesus and the Salvation that God meant to be perfected through Him. As were we sanctified by the Holy Spirit and grounded in faith (faith in Jesus), with nothing meritorious in us to claim Salvation, so would this process of redemption be fulfilled by God in all mankind far and near. When Abraham was called into this Salvation, he was perfected in faith through many trials, tribulations, and life experiences – the same fate awaits everyone(likewise) called by the Father to Salvation. An ongoing process of purification lies in waiting for you and me in life. It is the Holy Spirit that purifies and sets one apart to be used for God’s greater purposes. Unless one humbles himself by submitting before the Almighty to be purified, he remains the salt that has lost its saltiness only to be trampled on the ground. Thus Peter was told by the Lord (during the Last Supper) that unless I wash you, you will have no share with me. To Paul, the Lord showed him (well in advance) the very many sufferings he had to endure for the sake of the Gospel. We too carry our burdens of suffering, pain, and difficulties of living each day; we must ask the Lord, of what He intends of us, of the way ahead, and to take us through these trials to be triumphant beneficiaries of His Kingdom. Guide and strengthen us through this day, Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
