---
title: "‘I will not venture to speak"
date: "2025-11-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will not venture to speak of anything except what Christ has accomplished through me to bring the Gentiles to obedience – by word and deed’ (Romans 15:18)

---

### Reflection

All that he was able to do for God’s Kingdom was what distinguished Paul from the rest of the apostles. His birth as a Pharisee, from an elite background (unlike other disciples of Jesus), and being fortunate enough to be educated in the Laws from Gamaliel, the Elder Rabi were indeed vivid and colourful feathers to his cap, but not till he met and experienced Jesus, his Saviour. There came about a paradigm shift in his perspective towards life soon, and his immediate next steps were to secure his position as a fervent minister of the Lord. His efforts in introducing Christ Jesus to the Gentiles, in establishing communities of believers through his missionary journeys through Asia Minor, Europe (cities like Philippi, Thessalonica, Athens, etc.), and Rome were undoubtedly great successes. Paul acknowledges that everything he did from then on – whatever he spoke or argued for this cause was perfected by signs and wonders, and accomplished by the Lord Himself. A lesson to us, who keep boasting on the many blessings in life, as though they were not graces bestowed on us by the Lord’s mercy. And because of this, we fail to show compassion towards another, to understand another, or to think from his/her perspective rather than judging. Lord Jesus, help me to appreciate and understand things of real value in life (from your point of view) and work towards fulfilling them, so that I also attain the distinction and confirmation that you bestow on your favoured ones. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
