---
title: "‘See what kind of love the"
date: "2025-02-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘See what kind of love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God, and so we are. The reason why the world does not know us is that it did not know Him’ (1 John 3:1)

---

### Reflection

If ever you have felt alienated by the world, by the people around you, felt so obscure and insignificant in a world with swarming billions – Today’s Word is for you. To comfort, strengthen and reassure you, to direct you to the realization of whom you really are. You are the child of God, you are called and known by His name, His ways and to do His works here on the earth. If still you aren’t convinced of this uniqueness in you, the Holy Spirit reminds you of the love of God by which you are replenished and reinvigorated to be the ‘person’ you are now. From this context you are called to live a life with a distinct noble purpose – to love one another with the love the Father has given you; not to love the world or the things of the world. And these things that are so characteristic of the world have been enumerated for our understanding by St John, the apostle – (1) the desires of the flesh; (2) the desires of the eyes; (3) the pride of life. Ultimately, the choice (of what to set our eyes and hearts upon) is ours, as God never imposes His choices upon us, but expects of us (His children) a discernment, a broader understanding to seek the things that are above (akin to His Kingdom), to set our hearts on Christ, and not on the things of this world. In us He sees the glory and pinnacle of all Creation, to rule the world in uprightness and justice – I pray today that this love of the Lord inspires you to settle for greater things in life, to practice virtues, to give away those silly desires of the flesh (our thirst for power, for being acclaimed, for glory from the crowds), and to put on Christ, and to be led by His Word and Ways, not to be bounded by the fickle opinion of men. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
