---
title: "‘I will speak to them in"
date: "2025-07-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will speak to them in parables to explain things hidden since the creation of the world (Matthew 13:35)

---

### Reflection

Jesus spoke to his disciples as well as the crowds through parables; these were short stories with greater content and intent (expressing things beyond their literal meaning). Through these short stories, the disciples were exposed to the mysteries of the Kingdom of God. Jesus opened the faculties of the disciples, that they may be privileged to grasp what was not revealed yet to the world. Even after spending three long years with them, teaching, preaching, and training them in the principles of faith, He knew that they needed grace to wholly comprehend and live these ways. Therefore, He sent to them the promise of His Father, the Holy Spirit, the Paraclete, who would advise, remind, teach, and inspire them to tread this path towards Eternity. What was hitherto veiled before men (ever since the creation of this world) was unveiled and written into the hearts of men through Jesus Christ. This powerful dynamic that works within one – the inspiration of our hearts, fuelling our passions, desires, and motives, framing in the mind a sense of ‘determination’ - the power of the will, and forcing our words and deeds to requisite action. It is this dynamic that creates a transformation in one, the transition that can do marvels in this world. All who are led by God’s Spirit thus acquire the status and décor of God’s children. So was the Saint of this day, the first woman saint of India – St Alphonsa, whose inspiration through the love for the Lord, transformed itself into concrete action of love – love for other fellow beings. She was an exposition of the greater truths of the Heavenly Kingdom revealed to her by God; and thus she remains in the heart of every believer an example of lived faith, glorified by the Father, ready to help each one of us to live our faith to the fullest. Happy Feast of St Alphonsa!

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
