---
title: "‘For if you love those who"
date: "2025-06-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For if you love those who love you, what reward do you have? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?’ (Matthew 5:46)

---

### Reflection

If it were in our times that the Lord had spoken this principle, He would have substituted ‘the unjust’ or ‘oppressors’ for ‘tax collectors. To the people of Israel (God’s people) they were subject to unjust deprivation/impoverishment because of these officials called the Tax collectors; Ironically, many of these were from among the Jewish community but clung to their jobs owing to the lucrative salary and perks they were offered by the Romans. We saw around us many – in our families, in our communities, parishes, Churches – those who knowingly afflict us, oppress us, demoralize us, who deal with us in gross injustice, who live to satiate their interests, convictions, and beliefs with the slightest of regard for the existence of others…….The Lord today points to each one of these kind around us, whom we at times avoid owing to it being hard for us to deal them, and again to be able to speak to them considerately would never be possible (with all our frailties, suppressed/denied memories of the past, the burdens we ourselves carry in life). Jesus calls us not to justify their errs, or mistakes, but to pray for them with a heart that He gives us today, that the eyes of their hearts may be moved by His Spirit, that brings repentance in men. Lord, with all that we are, and what we do, we are in-equipped to take on this task, you have entrusted us; but trusting in your support, your empowerment, and the pouring of your love into our feeble selves, we wish to make a try to be like you, perfect like our Heavenly Father. Be with us today, Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
