---
title: "‘He is my shepherd, and he"
date: "2025-02-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He is my shepherd, and he shall fulfill all my purpose; saying of Jerusalem, ‘She shall be built, and of the temple, ‘Your foundation shall be laid’ (Isaiah 44:28)

---

### Reflection

Of Cyrus, the Persian ruler, whom God instrumentalizes to deliver His people from their Babylonian captivity is this reference in the Book of Isaiah. Through the conquests of this King, the people of Israel were brought back to Jerusalem, the foundations of their trust in God – the temple of Jerusalem was re-established. God was speaking words of restoration and hope to His people, by reminding them that their years of hardship were to end. King Cyrus was anointed by God, to do fulfill God’s will of prosperity and well-being for His people. It was God who had been with him, upholding his right hand and strengthening him to make the needed moves that would prove good for His chosen race. This also implies of God’s saving power and providence for each one of us. You and I have been likewise anointed to fulfill God’s great plan of welfare for our families, our societies and places of outreach. The Lord Jesus empowers us with His abundance (grace) through His redemption and by His great works we are now seated in the Highest places with Jesus so that we may be witnesses to His incomparable, immeasurable riches to those around us. Because we have been saved by His grace, we have the confidence to fulfill all God’s promises for His people in Jesus’ name. With His right Hand, our Lord guides us, enlightens our path, and the eyes of our heart to be the change our worlds would have been looking forward to for long. Believe, You are that masterpiece of the Lord, the instrument Cyrus in His hands to initiate the breakthrough in your world, through the power of His Spirit in you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
