---
title: "‘He appeared in the flesh, was"
date: "2025-09-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘He appeared in the flesh, was vindicated by the Spirit, was seen by Angels, was preached among the nations, was believed on in the world, was taken up in glory’ (1 Timothy 3:16)

---

### Reflection

The mystery that underpins our faith is this one-liner that Paul made to his favoured disciple, Timothy. That God took the form of man, that the Spirit of God testified to all men that Jesus was a complete man while being God Himself. The Angels conveyed this message of Jesus’ birth to even the most ordinary men of the time (the shepherds). All the deeds of power, Jesus did during His lifetime and the fact that He was condemned to a humiliating death on the Cross. Things did not end up there; It was made known to all men that He resurrected from death, and more than all He ascended in glory to the Heavens and is seated there making intercession for you and me (to the Father), on the pretext of His sacrifice of self. At His name, all dominions, powers, authorities - in the Heavenly places and on earth bow down in adoration, praise, and surrender. This is the crux of our faith, which we need to live each day – In Jesus, before His Holy name, none prevails; all the problems, vexations, and tribulations of a lifetime just surrender before Him. He who dwells in you is greater than all that is in the world. Therefore, whatever be your task for this day, He will provide you with all that you need to make things work for the better. He is Emmanuel. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
