---
title: "‘I have much more to tell"
date: "2025-06-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I have much more to tell you, but you cannot bear it now’ (John 16:12)

---

### Reflection

Jesus’ disciples were with Him for almost 3 years – they were those who lived with Him, saw and heard Him do the deeds of power and miracles, those who learned to pray from Him, and above all who experienced the love of God more than any other. Yet when it was time for Jesus to bid farewell to them, (knowing that He was to complete His vocation and return to the Father), what pained Him the most was that His disciples were not equipped to fulfill their call. They were chosen by Him (as the Father chose them first and gave them to Him), but as far as the principles of God’s kingdom were concerned, they were like infants/ toddlers, trying to make sense of what was told to them. Thus Jesus opened up stating that there was much more He wanted them to be aware of, which at present they would not be able to comprehend, even if He spoke to them. If these disciples who saw, heard, and lived with the Lord found it hard to assimilate the truths of His kingdom, how hard would it be for us, who live by faith? This we must accept that God is God and we are mere mortals (our dimensions are totally incompatible), if so what we know today is just the tip of the iceberg; what has been imbibed in our hearts by the Father, Son, and the Holy Spirit, as a gift by faith. There is much more the Lord wishes that we must know. But, for this, we need a heart in perfect disposition to receive what He has in store for us. And this is made ready each day when we read His Word, frequent the gifts of grace – the Sacraments, and resolve to attempt to do whatever He asks us to do. None can claim to have mastered the secrets of Heaven, however brilliant, tactful, and competent (as approved by this world’s benchmarks), but we can ask the Lord to open up these secrets to us through our efforts of prayer, worship, and listening to His Word by the power of His Spirit in us. Remember, the Lord loves to teach us more.Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
