---
title: "‘God has not rejected His people"
date: "2025-07-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘God has not rejected His people whom He foreknew. Do you not know what the Scripture says of Elijah, how he appeals to God against Israel?’ (Romans 11:2)

---

### Reflection

Paul, who was once a staunch adversary (a persecutor) to the followers of Christ, was transformed into an ardent believer, an ambassador of Christ to the Gentiles. The Apostle quotes his example as ‘first among sinners’ who was called to embrace Salvation, because of God’s mercy and compassion towards him. God is at work in our midst; He never rejects His own; and the reason for this, the apostle gives in his longest Epistle (to the Romans) is that God foreknew each one of us. You and I were created as His masterpieces, to take on our predestined good works through our faith in Jesus Christ. It is this knowing of Christ that is the foundation of our personalities. And we are justified for Salvation only through this faith we uphold (in Jesus). It was faith in God’s works that set Joshua and Caleb apart, to be the only survivors of their generation to inherit the Promised land. It was faith in God’s faithfulness that inspired the Judges to fight the enemies of God’s people and liberate them from their tyranny. It was the faith of King David (love and obedience to God) that established him as the greatest of Kings of Israel – the establisher of a dynasty, and more than anything else - for his descendants to be the remnant of God’s people who were saved by grace. The Holy Spirit teaches us today that God’s works are marvellous, ever since the time of man’s creation, and continues to this day. The prophet Elijah was lost and distraught, having seen his pitiable plight amongst an unfaithful generation. God consoles him that even among these, He has chosen and set apart a few remnants by grace. This is what the Lord comforts you with today – Even if all seems dire and cloudy, God is at work, and He is sure to restore, establish, and perfect you, after a while of suffering (now that you are undergoing) as you continue your trust in Him and plead for mercy. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
