---
title: "‘I write these things to you"
date: "2025-12-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God so that you may know that you have eternal life’ (1 John 5:13)

---

### Reflection

Eternal life is not on account of uncountable deeds or merits of a human being, but because of his faith in Jesus Christ. Not in any way, to be indifferent to the needs of another, but accepting that all that is done in charity is but a reflection of the love the Father showed us through His Son. Every day brings with it opportunities to be fruitful, but it is the willingness from within a man that determines his productivity. This willingness in us needs to be stimulated by the desire, conviction, and emotion in us; and there can be times when the three seem to be at their lowest ebb, especially when physically exhausted. It is God’s Spirit who induces purpose, meaning, and drive in a man to make his next move. It fuels and ignites us by reminding us of a bigger purview, a larger canvas, and yet something greater to unveil for us – Eternity. It’s so usual to get stuck in the vicious circle of daily living and worries, to be lost in the attractions of this world, that one may find it exceptionally hard to think beyond. The incarnation of Jesus was meant to enliven us to this truth of Eternity. Our temporal life on earth must take us through with Jesus to our destiny. You and I have been called to inherit a great fortune and even better things, not merely wallow in the valley of tears and inhibitions. God’s Spirit awakens you to this message today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
