---
title: "‘You will keep in perfect peace"
date: "2025-12-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are steadfast, because they trust in you’ (Isaiah 26:3)

---

### Reflection

To be like that strong fortified city, the Lord God has called us this day. It is the Lord who has built its walls and ramparts that, though its gates are open, no oppressor can threaten to evade through. The condition of the mind of the ‘one’ who is upright, faithful, and trusting in the Lord will be likewise. There are hundreds of reasons to be disturbed, as we wade through the imperfections of this world – finances, relationships, spiritual impediments to progress, the whims and fancies of the society at large, one’s own unfulfilled aspirations and dreams,….you name it and this list goes on and on. But Isaiah spoke this to the Israelites who were severely impacted by the threat of gloom, after having had to put up with countless impairments, all of which were the consequence of their exile. There was nothing smooth for them, as they had to rebuild everything from scratch, their homes, their communities, their land, and even their temple. God, who understood His people most perfectly, asks them to sit back, relax, be at peace, and in the quietness of their hearts, in absolute trust in what God told them, they would see every miracle unravel in their lives. Likewise, on this 4th day of Advent, the Lord asks you to honour Him by practising this virtue of ‘trusting’ in Him, no matter what. Lord Jesus, teach us your ways, may we be urged to walk in your path (laws), and we proclaim that ‘Your name and renown are the only desire of our hearts’. Teach us to love you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
