---
title: "‘Now the house of David was"
date: "2025-01-09"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Now the house of David was told. ‘Aram has allied itself with Ephraim’ so the hearts of Ahaz and his people were shaken, as the trees of the forest are shaken by the wind’ (Isaiah 7:2)

---

### Reflection

Chapter 7 of the Book of Isaiah brings forth the Messianic prophesy (of protection and hope) in an altogether contradicting circumstance in the life of the Judean people. Hardly had these managed to escape the slaughter, captivity, and loss of wealth during the war with Israel that broke out and brought them great dishonor, no sooner did they come to know of the Northern kingdom (Israel) allying with Syria for another major attack. It was only human for them to be shattered, be disgruntled by fear, and lose all hopes. It was not because the Kingdom of Judah was in any way inferior in strength that they became a scourge before their enemies, but because of their infidelity and wickedness, they were disciplined by God. Now as always, the memories of failure and humiliation leave an imprint in the human mind that doesn’t fade away so soon, and often interfere with the power of reasoning at times. Here is what transpired for the people of Judah too. To awaken to the realization that God is in control and trust His words of comfort for them was an onerous task for the people. Thus through the words of Isaiah, the prophet, God assures King Ahaz and his people not once or twice, but three times that they were to trust in Him and Him only, finally giving them a sign of the Messiah who was to be born (in due time) as a descendant of the Davidic dynasty. In all life’s situations, the Lord asks us to trust Him, for He holds the keys of the House of David, He holds the solutions to all those vexed problems of our life. Lean not on the inclinations of your mind, but on the unfailing love of the Lord for you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
