---
title: "‘But since we belong to the"
date: "2025-09-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of Salvation as a helmet’ (1 Thessalonians 5:8)

---

### Reflection

To be swayed by the winds of the trends of times, dissuaded by words that are only half-truths, to be tossed by the swirls of trials and testing times, it is so natural for mortals to misconceive who they really are, or what they have been called to do. Our true- identity has been imprinted deep within us, much before we were even born, that we are children of the Light, we belong to God. Therefore St Paul, while exhorting the Thessalonian believers to wait for the Lord’s coming, did not intend to scare them. He stated that the day of the Lord’s coming was sure; not that all on earth would be prepared and rehearsed for it, but we are to rehearse ourselves in faith, love, and hope that are gifts from the resurrected Lord. Mary, the mother of Jesus, was one who meticulously prepared herself to be worthy of the Lord; this brought her the status of ‘the favoured one’ of God for all generations to know. What added spotlight to the miracle at Cana (the wedding at Cana) was not merely the water changing into wine, but the fact of God’s ‘change of heart’ to obey His beloved’s request. Such was the tremendous power this humble virgin - Our Lady of the Rosary, wielded during her lifetime (on earth), and does possess so even more; Every time, when You and I reach out to her with our supplications, she is sure to plead for us to the Father, who will be glad to fulfill them so that in course of time we may also learn to imitate these qualities of light that characterised her. You belong to the day, the Blessed Mother reminds you. For Day 2 - Put on faith, love, and hope that You have been gifted with, to live a life that gives God glory always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
