---
title: "‘The Lord saw how great the"
date: "2025-03-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord saw how great the wickedness of the human race had become on the earth, and that every inclination of the thoughts of the human heart was only evil all the time. The Lord regretted that he had made human beings on the earth, and his heart was deeply troubled’ (Genesis 6:5,6)

---

### Reflection

God created man in his ‘own’ image and likeness, the Bible tells us the purpose of human creation that stirred the heart of God, when He breathed life into man. That man would be different from the rest of creation, would keep and till the land, have dominion over all the created, and would dwell in the bliss of oneness with God to Eternity. But it was no longer so for mankind, as they fell into sinfulness and deprived themselves of the source of their glory. The history of mankind is the story of how man declined each step from His ‘greatness’, when he saw himself great in his own eyes and ignored the presence of the Lord. The knowledge of this world that led him, deceived him from discerning the truth. Thus every inclination of his mind, his thought processes, his beliefs, and convictions, were darkened by the tenets of the evil one. If man was created to love, to forgive, to support, to let go, and to uphold the weak, he was coerced to create hate, to take revenge, to avenge for self-pride, to oppress the weak and disabled, thus his choices were destructive, more than creative. This was why God regretted and was grieved to the core for having given the gift of life to His masterpiece creation – humankind. Not a thing of the past, but even today, this continues to be the recurring story of mankind, and of how inhumane cultures, traditions, and norms get accolades and recognition in our modern civilized world. What we ought to do is to seek the Lord, ask to be cleansed and sanctified by His Holy Spirit - every inclination, thought process, imagination, determination, will-power, and intellect that makes up our personality; that we may reflect Jesus Christ, who portrayed to us what it means to be a real human being. Lord, grace us with a new heart, mind, spirit and inclination to be another Christ. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
