---
title: "‘If our hearts condemn us, we"
date: "2025-02-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If our hearts condemn us, we know that God is greater than our hearts and he knows everything’ (1 John 3:20)

---

### Reflection

For the one who is in Christ, this is their encouragement – that there would be no condemnation, as long as he abides in Jesus; and that though he is so susceptible to sin, he has obtained the righteousness of Jesus Christ (the favor of God), because of his clinging on to Jesus with trust. None on earth can claim to be devoid of sin, for all have fallen short of Grace as the Bible teaches us. But to one who without works, trusts Him who justifies the ungodly, his faith is reckoned as righteousness. And this is the one whom King David referred to as ‘Blessed’ in Psalm 32 – the one whose transgressions are forgiven, and sins are covered. Does this mean that these are exempt from obeying the Divine law? By no means, On the contrary, these are protected from the snare of sin and filled with Grace and truth to triumph over sin. So what matters is not one’s worth and good works, but being filled every moment in life by the truth and grace that comes from above. To all those who carry their crosses with humble submission to God, the poor in Spirit, these are privileged to be considered by the Lord. So let us ask of the Lord today, to be filled with His Spirit, His Grace, and Truth to be regarded graciously, to grow into our true identity, and to exhibit the same generosity to those around us. It is thus we fulfil the entire Law and the Commandments, to be with Christ Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
