---
title: "‘If a Kingdom is divided against"
date: "2025-01-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If a Kingdom is divided against itself, that Kingdom cannot last. And If a household is divided against itself, that household can never stand’ (Mark 3:24)

---

### Reflection

Jesus’s opponents once accused Him of casting out demons by the power of the Head of demons – Beel-zebul, to which the Lord replied thus, Any kingdom divided within would only perish. This Word of God is brought today for our reflection and meditation by the Holy Spirit, being one of utmost criticality in a world that goes with the principle of ‘Divide and rule’. The world values opportunism, or fishing in troubled waters as an inevitable leadership trait at times. But the kind of chaos, unrest, and hatred, these bring into human relationships and the hollowness of trust these perpetrate can pose a serious threat not only to those manipulated by these tricks but also to those who knowingly manipulate. How many families have been shattered because of the division induced by someone wielding authority? How many relationships have been broken between spouses who have given way to opportunism and division for the sake of trivial gains? How many of our Christian communities have lost ground and turned counter-witnesses to Christ, just because the differences within themselves were not allowed to be tackled with prayer, love, understanding, and commitment towards growth. Jesus was giving His disciples a valued tip of what would be the nature of trials and tribulations they were to encounter in the world they lived. Without humble submission to the will of God, without offering ourselves to be combed by the Spirit of God, none of us would be able to make a change in a world wrought by division and separation. Let us offer ourselves to the Almighty, who knows our every care, who has the solution to every problem we face in life, who wields the wisdom superior to any, to guide and counsel us today in each step we take, that our words and deeds may bring glory to Him and encourage building up of mankind. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
