---
title: "‘If by the Spirit you put"
date: "2025-03-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If by the Spirit you put to death the misdeeds of the body, you will live’ (Romans 8:13)

---

### Reflection

So long as You and I are in the flesh, we would exhibit knowingly or unknowingly the traits of the flesh – hate, envy, fornication, debauchery, deceit….. the long list of vices. But ever since we have known Christ Jesus, of the marvelous sacrifice He accomplished to redeem us through His sufferings, death, and resurrection, there is this hope in us who believe in Him that we would be partakers to the miraculous resurrection and Eternity, through His Spirit in us. We have an obligation more than ever – this obligation to live as sons and daughters of His Kingdom, to die to the flesh and live for Christ. This we do not by strength, or words, or by our innate tactfulness, but by the Spirit of Jesus in us. This Spirit – the Holy Spirit urges and purposes us to put to death the misdeeds of the flesh, each time we are tempted. Temptations are bound to recur till this bodily form departs from us, but we have been privileged to live as children of God, with immeasurable power and determination. This is not without a reward, there is certainly a reward a great one for all who live in the Spirit and not according to the dictates of the flesh. There is a compensation – Eternal that awaits us who live in peacefulness and holiness. Therefore, let us meditate this Word today – that we live by His Spirit in us, who puts to death the vices of the flesh, Thanks be to God for His indescribable gift to us in Jesus Christ. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
