---
title: "‘Behold, the Lord God comes with"
date: "2025-10-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Behold, the Lord God comes with might, and His arm rules for Him; behold His reward is with Him, and His recompense before Him’ (Isaiah 40:10)

---

### Reflection

The Lord comes to those who call His mighty name; to surround them with His love – that which is new every morning. He comes to fill each heart with graces that perpetuate growth. Even though it may at times seem to us that ‘the world’ around has given us a cold shoulder, the Lord God, ‘the Almighty’ does care for every word and deed of ours. And when comes, He comes to us not barehanded, but with His recompense, His reward - for all that we have gone through in life, all the tears of a lifetime, our contriteness expressed through overflowing mercy to others. Let us therefore learn to befriend the Lord Jesus, call to mind what pleases Him and His Father, let us yearn to be filled with the Spirit of God – that builds, unites, heals, and transforms. For the Lord rules; all the Created (however supreme) must pay homage to His Majesty. So let those hard of heart, learn to be tender, for when Jesus comes – all valleys will be raised up, every mountain shall be made low, rough ground will be levelled, and rugged places made plain. As we begin this Sunday, let us be thankful for all that the Lord has prepared for the day, let us praise, worship and above all, love Him for He deserves to be praised, honored, and revered. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
