---
title: "‘For the secret power of lawlessness"
date: "2025-08-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the secret power of lawlessness is already at work; but the One who now holds it back will continue to do so till he is taken out of the way’ (2 Thessalonians 2:7)

---

### Reflection

As has been revealed to us by the Spirit of God, this power of lawlessness is secret, is disguised, while at the same time it is held back as of now. This power is already at work, whether we believe it or not. And many a time we fall prey to its snares ‘unknowingly’, whenever we engage in things that go against our faith. All that contradicts love for God and another, that encourages chaos, confusion, brings in division and disintegration constitute the works of this evil Spirit. Remember, we being flesh and blood, and it being a Spirit, we are inept to fight against its torments. But we are never left to fend for ourselves, we have the entire hosts of Heavens ready to serve, fight, and protect us day in day out. It is God who empowers, protects, gives fortitude and support, but to those who seek after Him, those who cling to the truth – the Word of God. But to those who fail to accept or believe, make themselves vulnerable to the delusion, the lie that this wickedness displays or exhibits. Therefore, the Holy Spirit reminds us to submit ourselves to God, to let Him guide, inspire, and enlighten our minds and hearts. Lord Jesus, grace us with the strength to long after you always, to be protected from the strongholds of all that is lawless and wicked. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
