---
title: "‘If I say ‘Surely the darkness"
date: "2025-08-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If I say ‘Surely the darkness shall cover me, and the light about me be night, even the darkness is not dark to you; the night is bright as day, for darkness is as light with you’ (Psalm 139:11-12)

---

### Reflection

As broad as the day, as sure as is the sun, the Lord hems me from behind, from before, and all around. I may fail to recognize the wonder the Lord is to me, His light that shines within me, His wings that are spread to protect me all day long, especially when combated by doubt, fear, anxiety, and worries; when faces around me turn wry. Then I will pray, just like the psalmist did, by asking the Spirit of the Lord to enlighten me with the memories (good old days) of the past, when I was comforted by the steadfastness and mercies of the Lord. The name of Jesus is the power that would help me regain my calm, give me the determination and resolve to trust in the infinite greatness of God, even when my directions may seem strange. For it is He who has led me through paths I would never have otherwise taken, those routes that seemed so clueless to me, those crossroads when I had no other possibility than to surrender, to venture with Him. He calls you too, today - to be the light, the city on the hill, that cannot be hidden, because the Light of life (Jesus) walks with you. You need not worry about the darkness that may be covering you at present; For to Him even the darkness is as bright as the Light’, He was the Light that had incarnated to conquer the night. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
