---
title: "‘For to this You have been"
date: "2025-05-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For to this You have been called, because Christ also suffered for you, leaving you an example, so that you might follow in His steps’ (1 Peter 2:21)

---

### Reflection

The passage goes on to enumerate the things that Jesus did and what we have been called to imitate through our lives, to conduct ourselves honorable before men and before the Lord. Jesus committed no sin, He had no deceit in His mouth; when reviled He did not give back in return; when put to undue suffering He did not threaten anyone; ‘instead’ He entrusted Himself to Him who judges justly. What could be more onerous for us than to imitate the ways of the Lord? Thus, the Spirit of Jesus urges us not to be led by the passions of the flesh, not to be stumbling stones to those whom the Lord dearly loved, those whom He intended to transform. Because of You the name of God is profaned before the nations, the Word of God reminds us. To us is given this message from above, that now is the time to repent for all the unkind words, gestures, and actions we have knowingly or unknowingly committed, by which many have been distanced from the ‘truth and light’ of the world – Jesus. As we celebrate the mysteries of His passion, suffering, death, and resurrection each day through the Sacrament of the Eucharist, we are called to mind the excruciating pain and agony the Lord underwent (blameless) just for the sake of fulfilling the will of His Father for all mankind. Let us ask Him for grace and mercy to transform into Him this new day, to be His light in the world, and to follow closely His footsteps each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
