---
title: "‘For we do not want you"
date: "2025-07-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For we do not want you to be unaware, brothers, of the affliction we experienced in Asia. For we were so utterly burdened beyond our strength that we despaired of life itself……But that was to make us rely not on ourselves but on God who raises the dead’ (2 Corinthians 1:8-9)

---

### Reflection

The truth is that afflictions, struggles, and pain will occur in everyone’s life. These can play havoc with our otherwise smooth living, curbing the peace and calm within; and can leave us desperately gasping for ‘breath,’ ‘for survival.’ And one day, ‘Out of the blue’, it may seem to us that nothing would ever turn out as organised as it used to be before. You and I may recall several situations in life like this, when we thought all was lost. But we are back here again, even without us knowing that we successfully did make a comeback. Because it was the Lord’s doing for us. It was to teach us that we are not to rely on ourselves, but every time on God who is powerful, who has permitted these to our lives, that we may always ask Him the way out. To be able to stand before Him, when He comes again in glory the second time, to be righteous in His presence then, that He has allowed us pass through these turmoil in life, (we were not responsible for), that we may be refined like silver, like gold in His furnace of sanctification. Also that we may prove the way to many around, who may be reeling in the darkest hours of their night; that all is not lost, because we have a Lord who is master of All. Today’s reminder of the Spirit of Jesus to each one of us is that He is the way, the truth, and the Light for an abundant living here on earth and for Eternity. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
