---
title: "‘……. Him, who is able to"
date: "2025-11-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘……. Him, who is able to keep you from stumbling and to present you before His glorious presence without fault and with great joy -’ (Jude 1:24)

---

### Reflection

It is He alone (Jesus) who can keep you and me from stumbling, not any other person, institution, or presence whatever. Therefore, it is to Him that we owe our faithfulness, our obedience, and trust; to Him must we submit our will, intellect, skills, our whole being. What He urges us must be our call and purpose in life. It is so easy to feel disarrayed, disoriented, and cold in life – people, circumstances, and everything around may seem to be pointing fingers on us; our convictions, and at times our very words may be misread and questioned. In fact, the very reason positions, leadership, and power were created was to rescue men from sinking in the mires of dejection, dismay, or discontent, and to empower them towards a life of dignity. Contrary to the ground reality, what we see around – many stumble, fail, and even fall, not because they were inept to live, but because the very hands designated to protect brought down their very fall. Let this message ring loud and clear that each one of us has a responsibility, whether we accept it or not; we have been gifted life to support, build, and protect not just our boundaries, but also of others. This is what the Lord meant, when He asked us to be merciful – to the poor, the needy, the widow, the orphan – not merely in its literary sense, but in its profundity. May my gestures, the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart always be pleasing to you Lord God, my refuge and strength. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
