---
title: "‘O afflicted one, storm-tossed and not"
date: "2025-02-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘O afflicted one, storm-tossed and not comforted, behold I will set your stones in antimony, and lay your foundations with sapphires’ (Isaiah 54:11)

---

### Reflection

Today’s message from the Lord is one of assurance, encouragement, and power. Even when nothing seems right as per how things have evolved and transformed to date, for the Lord, these have been as expected (as per His plan), thus He is never surprised. Through these debilitating circumstances that have tossed life up to the unknown (uncertainty) and dismay, Jesus is assuring You and me that He is setting up a strong foundation for your life, He is recreating with enhanced beauty, and charm, the lost things in your life. Though certain things we have long presumed as ‘inevitable’ and unavoidable in life have been taken away, we are taught as to what ‘really’ adds meaning to our lives. And when it is the Lord who teaches us, it is the most effective pedagogy that He deploys, to enhance the scope of our understanding and discernment. Jesus merely tells you that no matter how distraught and unbelievably broken our lives may seem, He is the potter recreating from these ruins, a vessel, that is most honoured and sacred, that which is capable of storing only the precious, (which is anathema to the world), that which will share a place among His arsenal of equipped weapons to fight against the enemy. Be comforted, that it is the Lord who establishes, works for you, and lays your foundations, unlike any other – Honour Him with your time, your capability and your resources, as He is the King of Kings and Lord of all the Universe. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
