---
title: "‘This is why it says: When"
date: "2025-04-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘This is why it says: When He ascended on High, He took many captives and gave gifts to His people’ (Ephesians 4:8)

---

### Reflection

The mystery of Jesus’s glorious resurrection occupies center stage in ‘Christian’ faith (our faith). The multifaceted Graces that flow as repercussions of this event are what lend to it the feature of primordiality. Our sins, infirmities, diseases……everything that constituted our human weakness were taken over by the Lord; and in its place we were filled with healing and redemption. We were restored to our old glory, the pride of our existence. We, who were in the miry ditches, captives of a false hope which never transpired (that which the ‘Prince of this world’ had caused us to believe) of despair, hopelessness and helplessness found solace, comfort, and hope for a lifetime in Jesus’s doing. Because He came down to our midst, took on Himself the disgrace, pain, and sufferings of sin, (that we were unable to make amends for) to uplift us to the dignity of being with the Father in the Heavenly realm. Thus no longer are You and me, strangers, aliens, or refugees, but Sons of the Kingdom, who work to serve the Lord. We work to continue the unending mission of the Lord, which is to make known to the world this abundance of power that sustains the world – Jesus; that they may also be disposed in understanding and right faith to receive Him. There is no Greek, no Jew, no man, no woman, but Christ alone, and His body the Church (each one of us being its members). Some of us, He anointed as Apostles, some Prophets, some Pastors, some Teachers, so that they would all contribute wholeheartedly to building up this Body of Christ. Lord increase my love for you, that I may always endeavour thankfully to work for the upbuilding of others (Your Body) in all that I do or say. May the name of Jesus be glorified and honored. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
