---
title: "‘While they were talking and discussing"
date: "2025-04-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘While they were talking and discussing together, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. But their eyes were kept from recognizing Him’ (Luke 24:15,16)

---

### Reflection

The Risen Lord is with us; He himself draws near and walks with us always. But do we realize His presence with us in the very ordinary moments of life? It was not that these disciples (who were on their way to Emmaus) were unaware of the extraordinary things that were happening in their lives, in Jerusalem. They had heard the testimony of Mary Magdalene who claimed to have seen the Risen Jesus, that of Peter who spoke to them all about the empty tomb. But all these seemed to them (as Luke rightly interprets the situation) as idle tales that they did not believe. It was despair and lack of clarity of ‘what next’ that ruled their hearts. After all, the wonders they had seen while with Jesus for three years, His words and prophesies, were just forgotten by them when crisis struck (headlong) and there was nothing much they felt they could now think of to move ahead. This story of Emmaus which is only read in the Gospel of Luke could have been real or merely one of imagination, but with a profound intent of what ‘faith’ would mean to every disciple of the Lord. Even in the most ordinary and clumsy moments in life, faith teaches us to believe that the Lord works in us and through us. What makes the difference is in our acknowledging and asking Him of what He needs us to do in cooperation with Him. Emotions of despair, of anger, of pride, of jealousy, are all bound to erupt in our daily lives, He knows and accepts it all, but if we were to manage them constructively, it would be the work of Grace and nothing else. Let us pray for being overwhelmed and led by Jesus in all the encounters of this day, one day at a time, not to be taken over by the anxiety of tomorrow. (tomorrow will take care of itself). Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
