---
title: "‘So then you are no longer"
date: "2025-07-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So then you are no longer strangers and aliens, but you are fellow citizens with the saints and members of the household of God’ (Ephesians 2:19)

---

### Reflection

This was the message St Thomas, the apostle of Jesus Christ spread as he journeyed from Jerusalem throughout Asia – India, China, and Malacca to proclaim the Gospel. That you and I have become one in Christ Jesus, one into the family of God, with the saints and members of God’s household. Having been adopted into God’s family, we are expected to exhibit the ‘etiquette and elegance’ that characterizes God and His kingdom. Kingdoms of this world have a set of codified rules and traditions (passed on to them from generations) that are obligatory on all members of the royal heritage and which distinguish them from the rest of the crowd. The ways they speak, the words they are not supposed to use, their attire, and even ‘public display of affection’ at times are strictly banned for these members. If members of royal lineages (in this world) are bound to oblige these codes, how much more should we who are members of the Heavenly Kingdom adhere to the commandment of love. We love one another because He (Jesus) first loved us and gave up His life for us. He the Lord has shown the way, and this is our way – to follow Him, to be blameless and holy in love before the Father. St Thomas, our father of faith, has proven His way, and walked the talk, when he once said; ‘Let us also go and die with Him’. Let us imbibe this same courage and strength, that the Spirit of Jesus builds us with to be the beloved dwelling place of God, to co-create with the spirit of love, leaving aside all silly interests unbecoming of the Lord and His kingdom. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
