---
title: "' And to know the love"
date: "2025-07-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ' And to know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, so that you may be filled with the fullness of God's ( Ephesians 3:19)

---

### Reflection

That love, the highest of all gifts of the Holy Spirit has immense and uncountable powers - to heal, to motivate, to inspire, to ignite, to transform...this was what St Paul meant when he exhorted Christians to strive for excellence, to earn superior charisms. When one is filled with the love of Christ Jesus, he is filled with fullness that comes from above. The perfection of God is where we are called to reach out to and aspire to grow into. In fact growing in faith is each step we make in knowing Christ's love. In this love, every other desire becomes secondary, losing its charm, and He gives us the drive to stand firm in the wake of adversities. No matter how knowledgeable we are, however prepared, and decisive in our moves, we attain the eligibility to learn the love of the Lord only when we trip, we fall, bruise ourselves - when we lose our confidence, when bright hopes seem mere dreams, and when we accept there is nothing we can do for an upheaval. In the vacuum of our inabilities, in the dark solitude of hard reality, the Lord manifests to us the marvel of who He is to us. Because He knows in all that we know, with all the vanity we possess, we would never harbour the most needed humility that takes to receive Him, the Source of all Creation. Our realm of understanding, our horizons, are 'debilitatingly' small to grasp the unending dimensions/the realm of the Divine. Therefore believe that when things don't seem right, when those arrayed by us just seem to fall, there is a Light, seemingly luminous for us waiting right at the end of the tunnel. All we are asked is to pray for strength and perseverance to make it to this destination. And whatever we do towards this end, will be acknowledged by the Lord in His Book of life, for which we will be rewarded. This is the truth. May the knowledge of the love of Christ be your beacon of hope today and ever. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
