---
title: "‘The Lord says, I will bring"
date: "2025-10-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord says, I will bring them from Bashan; I will bring them from the depths of the sea’ (Psalm 68:22)

---

### Reflection

One of the significant victories that Israelites made under the leadership of Moses, was the defeat of King Og of Bashan. Known for the Rephaim’s the giant warriors of those days, the land of Bashan was indeed a formidable place to be won over. But the Lord gave this land with its fortunes over to the Israelites, because they trusted in Him and moved according to His will. They were a people enslaved by the Egyptians, but when God liberated His people and led them over to a promised land, there were great miracles that occurred through the hands of these people. Those nations that oppressed them were defeated utterly, their spoils taken, the land they trod became theirs as was promised to them by the Lord. Not because of the strength of the warriors among them, in fact these people had the slightest of training in wars and weapons. It was God’s Spirit that empowered these people to move on beyond the wilderness and enter the promised land without fail. Even the Red sea was not a deterrent to these people who were able to cross over as if on dry land and march ahead. History repeats itself to this day, when you and I believe that it is the Lord who is with us, leading us through, making firm our footsteps, and ensuring that we reach our destination, falling short of nothing. Let us thank the Lord for His protection, inspiration, and love for us. Wishing you a blessed Monday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
