---
title: "‘Be thou to me a rock"
date: "2025-12-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Be thou to me a rock of refuge, a strong fortress, to save me, for thou art my rock and my fortress’ [Psalm 71:3]

---

### Reflection

There are memories in life that die hard. The circumstances of a sort, characteristics, or events that remind us that we are frail human beings, so vulnerable, and insecure. Though we know it’s high time, and time out that we change, mend, let go, rather than zoom into the burdens of the past, we hardly can. Because it may not be humanly possible to ignore what one has learned and re-postured from learning. But the one who has caused these to appear in our lives permitted them not for us to fall headlong. He knows specifically the intent and portent of these in our destiny. Therefore, it is to Him that we need to seek an answer for the strength to move on in life. Jesus is that rock, the strong fortress, in whom we can seek refuge, given by Heaven as a gift for all the problems of mankind. You and I need to sit in His presence in the Eucharist to ask Him how and why. His intervention can revive, restore, and reposition one for a restart in life. When all other posts/pillars evade and fail us, when life throws up unexpected tantrums hard to deal with, we need to hold on to that ‘rock’, that ‘fortress’ which would not only give us a firm footing but also help advance further on. Here with the Lord, we make bang on. Whenever he was out of sight, Moses went into the tent of meeting to consult with his rock; Joshua marched into the promised land every step with the Lord; so do we each day, inch closer to Jesus to celebrate the great day of His coming. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
