---
title: "‘You have done foolishly. You have"
date: "2025-04-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You have done foolishly. You have not kept the command of the Lord your God, with which He commanded you. For then the Lord would have established your kingdom over Israel forever’ (1 Samuel 13:13)

---

### Reflection

Every promise of God is meant to be for Eternity. But it always comes with a condition. And the condition on which the consummation of God’s promise depends is complete obedience on our part. Every vocation or calling of God is unique and special, as it was meant for the fulfillment of a great purpose in God’s plan. But men accord importance to the privilege associated with this call, and ignore to pay heed to obeying God’s will and command, there is a disruption in God’s plan. In all His greatness, God would never need you and me as inevitable for the successful completion of His plan, He can reach out to another who is wholeheartedly obliging to His call. This was what occurred to King Saul as he disobeyed God’s will to appease the people whom he led. We see this beautifully enacted in the series ‘House of David’, where the character of Saul is depicted as one who was initially humble, but lost the sense of His calling, because of his arrogance and pride. There is grace and power that builds up a man, when he is subservient to God’s command and desires. This blessing evades the one who fails to obey, however brilliant and capable a man may be. This was why the seer Samuel rebuked Saul, the King as having done foolishly, for which he would be deprived of a permanent legacy, (that which was to flow to his descendants too). Let us learn to give glory to God always by obeying Him, His command of loving one another and thus fulfilling our purpose in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
