---
title: "‘Who will bring me to the"
date: "2025-01-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Who will bring me to the fortified city? Who will lead me to Edom?’ (Psalm 108:10)

---

### Reflection

With its mountainous terrain and strategic location for trade, Edom was indeed a powerful nation. Being the descendants of Esau, the elder son of Issac, who is remembered in the Bible as the one who compassionately forgave his brother Jacob (the one who took away his blessings), the relationship between the Edomites and Israel (descendants of Jacob) had their ups and downs (was never smooth). With God’s favor, King David was able to subdue Edom (the fortified city), which wasn’t as easy as for the rest of his conquests. But when David repeats the account of this victory of his against the Edomites in two Psalms (60 and 108), it does have an overarching effect, an emphasis on how God helped him conquer all his foes and emerge triumphant. It was through the conquest of these nations surrounding Israel, that David emerged as an emperor at his times, having consolidated a large portion of territory and having amassed the wealth of these subdued nations in the form of taxes and spoils of war. It was this treasure of wealth that was passed on to his successor, Solomon, by which he was able to construct (without much hazzles) the historic and incredible temple of Jerusalem, the prayer house of the nations. To us, who meditate on the victory of King David, let us ask the Lord to be our guide and protector to conquer all challenges that may pop up our path this day. Even in the most submerging difficulties, we would be able to rebound successful, with the power of the Spirit of God in us. Lead us Lord Jesus this day, however rigid be the problems that await our path today, show us the way, be the truth to guide and counsel us and give us life in abundance to be conquerors with you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
