---
title: "‘If God is for us, who"
date: "2025-10-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If God is for us, who can be against us?’ (Romans 8:31)

---

### Reflection

One with a load of optimism, of hope to a believer in Jesus Christ, chapter 8 of St. Paul’s Letter to the Romans begins with the most appealing assurance to the one in Christ. It affirms that to the one who is in Christ Jesus, there is no more condemnation, because he (the one with Christ) is led by the Spirit of Jesus. The profundity of this spiritual truth was known to King David, who prayed that he be not cast away from God’s presence and God’s dwelling in him remain, even though he was corrupted by sin. When weighed down by sinfulness, David still hoped in God’s greatness and His magnanimity to save and redeem. It is this that the Lord asks of you and me today, who proclaim our faith in Jesus Christ. Even though there have been omissions and sins of commission in our life, we hold on to the Lord with a heart of repentance, asking Him for forgiveness and for the grace to conquer everything that pulls us down. It is thus that the Holy Spirit comforts us that for this one whose heart delights in the Lord, there will no longer be a condemnation. For Jesus, who now sits at the right hand of the Father in Heaven, our High Priest, intercedes for our righteousness and rebuilds us from all our ruins. Befriend the Lord Jesus, plead to be filled with His Spirit, the power you need to make a mark in this world, being yourself. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
