---
title: "‘You have not given me into"
date: "2025-04-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You have not given me into the hands of the enemy, but have set my feet in a spacious place’ (Psalm 31:8)

---

### Reflection

All is not over. For the Lord has never given up on the one who has made Him his refuge. Longer years of distress and pain may have had a toll on your health – body, mind, and soul. You and I may be the subject of mockery or contempt before the others, an object of dread before our near and dear, a person lost or forgotten, in other words, a seemingly broken vessel…. but you still are beloved to the Lord. Your times are in His hands. And if you were to imagine of ‘the good’ that He has kept in store for you, (because you fear Him), you would have no bounds to joy. To be wrapped under the protection of the love of the Lord is more valuable than any other. David, the greatest of all Kings had this experience of His soul longing for the Lord than any other. Thus he wrote “Deep calls to Deep” and in the still, in the silence, when all alone, he found ‘the solace’ to quench the ‘thirsts’ of his life. Always believe, that you and I are in the Hands of a mighty God, who saves, protects, shields, until we are on firm ground. He can never abandon, though the world may - when situations change, the unexpected confronts you as a city under siege, the Lord Jesus has something else to tell you. Hold firm to His Hands, and make every step with Him, He was a pioneer and so would you be too. Take heart in the Lord, the message for you today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
