---
title: "'For we do not proclaim ourselves;"
date: "2025-07-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> 'For we do not proclaim ourselves; we proclaim Jesus Christ as Lord and ourselves as your slaves for Jesus' sake' (2 Corinthians 4:5)

---

### Reflection

In all his sufferings, persecution, trials, and challenges while spreading the Gospel of Christ, this conviction led him - that all he did was to proclaim Christ as 'Lord'. If Jesus Christ is our Lord, then in all that we do and say, we ensure He is glorified. It wouldn't matter to us, even if demoralised/ demotivated by mortals: prioritising for Him and His Kingdom would be our drive. This can emerge in us only when His love surmounts our knowledge, understanding, reasoning, logic, all that we have learned from life to this day. Every event, person, and moment would then turn for us and opportunity to manifest Christ. Every believer needs to imbibe this that true evangelisation begins from the love for Christ deep within. How can any human situation, sickness, disability, failure, or disgrace become a hindrance when Christ rules one's heart? Are we aware of this fact that ultimately it's God's power and His will that rules the world, and not any trivial human   institution? The Holy Spirit asks us to return to Christ, our Lord: Ask Him for the power to live like Him and be His manifestation of grace and mercy to the world. To embrace the principle of servant leadership propagated by the Lord so as to be His true disciples. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
