---
title: "‘the life was made manifest, and"
date: "2025-12-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘the life was made manifest, and we saw it, and testify to it, and proclaim to you the eternal life which was with the father and made manifest to us’ [1 John 1:2]

---

### Reflection

Along with all the other apostles, John witnessed the Life, which was the Light of the world, that came to dwell with mankind, because of His love for them. He was with the father in creation, and the Word that co-created with the Father and the Holy Spirit, It was Him who was to sustain all, and relieve them from the corruption of the evil one. St Paul, understanding the essence and magnitude of this mystery,  and of how much mankind was in dire need of this Saving grace, described that it was the whole universe that groaned in pain for the redemption of mankind from its captivity to sin. Jesus was the Eternal life, who was with God, the Father; made manifest to our eyes in human form. That, we who have entrusted our hopes in Him would be sealed by His blood (of the New Covenant) and made worthy to be God’s own people. This was what prompted St John to speak of nothing else than love. And with the love of God overflowing in Him, he was given the revelation of end times and of Eternity. You and I too need to be filled with His love, the love that heals, sanctifies, restores, and saves. Let us pray for this grace to be with Jesus, to open our eyes, ears, and hearts to the revelation He gives us as we go forth on our journey towards Eternity. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
