---
title: "‘That times of refreshing may come"
date: "2025-01-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘That times of refreshing may come from the presence of the Lord, and that He may send the Christ appointed for you, Jesus’ (Acts 3:20)

---

### Reflection

This we pray repeatedly to the Lord, that we may experience the time of refreshing that Jesus, our Lord has obtained for us. But first we must acknowledge that we are all sinners and have fallen short of Divine glory. This realization would point us to the immediate need for God’s mercy and His forgiveness. Jesus Christ has become the expiation for the sins of the world. In Him we have become recipients of the forgiveness and mercy of God. To possess this which is already in place, our hearts must be prepared with humility and love for the Lord. Here is where we must repent, and surrender ourselves to His will and ways. St John, the evangelist explains this in simple terms thus - what we would become, has not yet been made known to us, but we are assured that when Jesus comes, we would be like Him. Therefore, every-one filled with this hope will purify himself from all the stains of the world and wait for the fulfilment of His Word. Trust in the Lord, that all your times are in His hands and he will work for the good for all those who love Him. Thank you Jesus for the hope, love, and contentment you have stirred into our hearts today, by the working of your Holy Spirit in us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
