---
title: "‘And to Him was given dominion"
date: "2025-09-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And to Him was given dominion and glory and a kingdom, that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve Him; His dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and His Kingdom one that shall not be destroyed’ (Daniel 7:14)

---

### Reflection

This dominion of the Son of Man, which Daniel once saw in a vision is a prophecy made for all times. To him (Daniel) was given the interpretation that the Godly Kingdom would rule sublime, above all kingdoms established by men. This has become even more relevant to us who live in times of unlimited possibilities, the sky is our limit (as they say). God’s Kingdom that dwells in our hearts is even beyond, dwells in the realm of the ‘impossible’, gains ground and reaps a harvest when all hopes are lost. The Spirit of God reminds us that when you are within God’s Kingdom, your tent is peaceful, and when you visit your dwelling, nothing will be amiss. To this kingdom are we all invited as members/citizens by the Ancient of Days (God) to partake, to participate and expand. The key to this Kingdom is befriending the Son of Man, Jesus, who has been given dominion and power over all Creation. Therefore (as St Paul explains), it doesn’t matter whether Greek, or Roman, whether Gentile, or Jew, or whether captive or free, man or woman, what matters is knowing Jesus Christ, and becoming like Him. With Him, we are raised to sit in the realms of the Heavens, because of Him who has authority over all and conquered all. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
