---
title: "‘You have made known to me"
date: "2025-04-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You have made known to me the path of life; You will make me full of gladness with your presence’ (Acts 2:28)

---

### Reflection

The path to Life was opened to Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. To them was entrusted the upkeep, sustenance, and maintenance of the living world. God in His foreknowledge accompanied them with a limited list of don’ts (too) that were to be conscientiously adhered by them. Man was unable to keep to the limits set by God, somewhere sometime, sin crept in life through deceit of the Evil one, who manipulated the gift of curiosity (of man) to the untoward, thus inviting its unforeseen consequences of slavery and death. God in His mercy decides to restore the lost glory of man by making use of the sin to bring forth increased grace through His Son Jesus Christ. He who is the resurrection and Life came down to uplift the plight of man. He was the Way, the truth, and the Life, over whom no darkness could prevail. He (Jesus) made known to mankind the love of the Father, His saving grace, and the abundance of gladness He filled the hearts of those who believed in Jesus and accepted Him as their master. David the patriarch was one distinct for his steadfast faithfulness to God, for which he was rewarded with victory, greatness, joy, and a great descendant in line. Because of this promised descendant, Jesus, we await the same gladness, victory, and triumph as David. Let the words of King David, the psalmist reverberate in our mouths and hearts – we pray for unending life, life in its abundance today from the resurrected Lord Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
