---
title: "‘For I delight in the Law"
date: "2025-07-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For I delight in the Law of God, in my inner being, but I see in my members another Law waging war against the Law of my mind and making me captive to the Law of sin that dwells in my members’ (Romans 7:22-23)

---

### Reflection

It would be irrational if you and I believe that everything on earth can be achieved merely by self-confidence. And this is what today’s Word from the Lord tries to teach us. In every person, there is this constant war between the law in his/her flesh and the law in his/her heart. The former is the law of sin, the ways of this world, which many a times may contradict the commandments and precepts of God. One obtains the courage to comply with the Divine law (however difficult it may seem) only when coerced and led by God’s Spirit. Therefore, we are called to enkindle this power of the Spirit in us each day, by our spiritual rites, customs and practices. The latter help us stay connected with the Lord, to be able to discern His will in life. We are called to envelop ourselves (shield ourselves) in God’s Word, by reading, meditating, and memorizing His Word. It is this Word that works on our behalf in our most desperate times. It is this Word that rejuvenates and reminds us of what we must do, when things just fall apart, when distraught, when all alone in the valley of tears. It is this Word that protects (works for the good of) our children, who hear the Word and may not be able to comprehend it in its fullness. This Word reminds us that perfection may not be attainable at times, but the little we do can be wrapped in love and concern for others. Let us therefore, ground ourselves purposefully in God’s Word, in the Sacraments that pour into our hearts grace, and unite ourselves to the Law of God that dwells in our hearts. This we need to practice, to garner strength to defeat the Law of sin that is working (constantly) to bring our downfall. Lord Jesus, teach me and lead me in your laws and ways that I may (proudly) toil for the building up of your kingdom on earth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
