---
title: "‘What agreement is there between the"
date: "2025-08-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘What agreement is there between the temple of God and idols? For we are the temple of the Living God…...’ (2 Corinthians 6:16)

---

### Reflection

What differentiates the generations of old and ours is in the aspect of ‘permissibility.’ While there were limits, constraints, and restrictions – the do’s and don’ts prescribed by the elderly, cultural taboos framed which were conscientiously followed by families and societies a generation back, these seem to have lost their relevance in the lives of people today. The ways of our culture (today) have stoked a genuine fear of the endless consequences that could come about upon humanity that is devoid of principle and etiquette. Could value systems, morality, and lifestyles detach themselves from what is naturally ordained on the pretext of liberty and unbridled individual freedom? What agreement can there exist between righteousness and wickedness? Or the Holy and the Ordinary? The Holy Spirit reminds us that we are the temple of the Living God, created to fulfill those good deeds destined for us in Christ Jesus. We are those to dictate the precepts of God to those in ignorance, error, and sin. Not to wallow in relationships with everyone and anyone at the cost of our faith. Let us not throw away our pearls to swine, to those who would never appreciate the worth of what we have been entrusted through the generations. We are a privileged race, a royal priesthood, and holy ones of God, to live in perfection and pride of the image and likeness of our Heavenly Father. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
