---
title: "‘But I ………could not address you"
date: "2025-06-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But I ………could not address you as spiritual people, but as people of the flesh, as infants in Christ’ (1 Corinthians 3:1)

---

### Reflection

This was what St Paul spoke of the Corinthians believers in Christ, those who were renowned for their growth in the Holy Spirit, those who exercised the many charisms and gifts of the Spirit. Despite the fact they were an anointed community, there were blemishes and sins they struggled with, which delayed their growth towards Christ Jesus. The works of the flesh, as Paul called them; these sins were jealousy, strife, disunity, sectarianism, and hypocrisy, apart from graver sins of licentiousness, adultery, and sexual disorientation. When one grows into a deeper love for the Lord, His grace supports a genuine conversion in this one, giving him the strength to do the impossible, to outwit the works of the flesh, through the power of God’s Spirit. It is this what Paul advised that these would need - to be led by the Holy Spirit, to be filled with this Spirit, by grounding himself in the Word of God, to earnestly desire for more superior gifts of God’s Spirit, which is love. Unless they were inspired, driven, and overtaken by this love, they were still infants (unable to ingest higher nutrients), and in spiritual terms called the people of the flesh. Now to you and me, who desire to be with the Lord, do we strive to attain that higher stage of spirituality by reading God’s Word, or are we like any other, the people of the flesh (who live by what pleases, and aggrandizes the flesh)? Jesus asks us to look into ourselves, into who we ‘really’ are – our identity today; whether we have taken a step ahead to walk towards our true identity (whom we have been called in Christ to be) – to love? Let us pray for this grace today; to be adorned by superior gifts of the Holy Spirit. For this, we need to admit our inability, and that we have failed miserably many times. Jesus will work on our behalf towards this, because He loved us so much. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
