---
title: "‘Everyone will hate you because of"
date: "2025-05-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Everyone will hate you because of me. But not a hair of your head will perish. Stand firm and you will win life’ (Luke 21:17-19)

---

### Reflection

In today’s era of hate speeches, with the kind of politico-socio-cultural criticisms/controversies surrounding our cultural ethos, faithfulness and steadfastness have become virtues long forgotten. To some of us these are intricately woven with their stark contrasts within our mindsets, that there is never the rule of the Law, but a law that applies to time, space, money, gender, and influence in its own particular ways. The ‘end’ result is that whatever is naïve, subtle, submissive, or meek is subject to gullibility and condemnation. Thus, the Lord reminds us that when end times come near, our worlds will altogether change. You and I may at times find ourselves being deplored not due to our inadequacies, but because our perspectives mean anathema to this world. It is here that the prominent life skills of ‘endurance’, and ‘persistence’ in one’s convictions and beliefs become highly essential; lest we would just fall in line. It is to stand firm and win life that we have been called to partake in, which is never going to be easy. To be prepared to encounter the worst, while being optimistic in doing our best, and surrendering the rest to the will of the Lord is all that we can ever do as mortals. But more than that, to be merciful to another who is also engaged in a struggle similar to us is where we are called to make a difference as disciples of Jesus. Each one of us created unique and distinct - would inevitably differ in our choices, perceptions, and tastes. We can never expect to be loved or preferred by another but as Children of the Heavenly Father, God will never fail us. Jesus asks us to be strong, committed, and firm to that which He has called us to – faithful to His commands; and He promises us that by staying the course, not a hair of our heads will perish. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
