---
title: "‘But why am I so favoured"
date: "2025-09-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But why am I so favoured that the mother of my Lord should come to me?’ (Luke 1:43)

---

### Reflection

Mary’s visit to Elizabeth (the Visitation), about which we meditate in the second joyful mystery of the Rosary was an extraordinary event mentioned by Luke in his Gospel soon after the Anunciation made to Mary. When the mother of the Lord journeyed all the way into the hill country of Judeah to the house of Elizabeth and Zachariah, she brought with her God’s power and mercy into that little home. Our homes can be just like this one (though prayerful and upright), wearied and exhausted (at times) with the overwhelming nature of the crosses we carry - sickness, distress, unfulfilled dreams, and so on. In addition to these come a full load of societal norms, perceptions, beliefs, and misconceptions, the fears and insecurities of a lifetime. This old couple (Zachariah and Elizabeth) had together waded through troughs and peaks in life; the events in life had seemed so incomprehensible to them that there was none with whom they could share their pent-up emotions. It was these subdued feelings that found expression when the Mother of Jesus came to their home. God’s concern for them, love, and amazing ways of intervention in their life left them spell-bound and filled with gratitude. We are indeed so favored, a people of God, whom God hovers around, to protect, preserve, and replenish. God knows our every care, when intimidated by trials and torments, let us take courage to invite the Mother of the Lord to stand by us, intercede for us, and strengthen us. And when ‘She’ comes she brings in the Heavens – abundance of graces to our side. Today is the birthday of Mother Mary! May she be the enlightenment of our homes, to look on to the Lord at all times, to be filled with wisdom that comes from above, and to win over the enemy who only intends to throttle us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
