---
title: "‘But He gives us more grace."
date: "2025-08-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But He gives us more grace. That is why Scripture says, God opposes the proud but shows favour to the humble’ (James 4:6)

---

### Reflection

God our Father longs to see us walk with Him. He knows and accepts that it is so easy to be swayed by the currents and tides of our times. Therefore, He promises us His power–Grace; And when we are filled with the strength from above, we are extraordinarily equipped to set aside those things that label us as people of the flesh. The Salvation of our souls is what God desires and has initiated through the sacrifice of His Son, Jesus. He expects us to be grateful and reciprocate our love for Him by living lives faithful to His precepts. What God insists of me and you may vary according to our living and circumstances in life. But one thing is sure, what He asserts of us will surely lead us to our destiny. Not that we are not aware of the omniscience of God, but many are the factors that deter us from complying with God’s commands. Firstly, going the ‘narrow way’ would seem the toughest, making us the laughing stock in town. The risks of being ostracized, because of being different from the crowd, of swimming against the tide may have delirious consequences. But when you are swept to the fringes, You still have this promise from the Lord who assures you, that He would never abandon and forsake you (Hebrews 13:5). Therefore, as the Apostle James exhorts us through his letter, Let us submit ourselves to God, who gives Grace, who opposes the proud and shows favour to those who have been subdued by the torrents of this world. Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
