---
title: "‘Who is wise and understanding among"
date: "2025-05-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Who is wise and understanding among you? By his good conduct let him show his works in the meekness of wisdom’ (James 3:13)

---

### Reflection

What true wisdom and understanding should lead us to is explained throughout Chapter 3 of the Letter of St James. Wisdom would exhibit itself in goodness and meekness of the spirit. Contrary to the ways of the world, where little knowledge would speak for itself and express itself ruthlessly in judging another. The fact is that we hardly know much about ourselves, often forgetting what we have been called to become or grow into, but we pretend to be ‘knowing it all’, unable to bridle or restrain our tongues to speak ill of anything and anybody. The Word of God reminds us (James 4:12) ‘There is only one lawgiver and judge, he who is able to save and to destroy. But who are you to judge your neighbor? The Lawgiver and judge is God; and what He expects of us is to be holy and blameless before Him, to live lives worthy of the love He has given us in His pleasure and will through Jesus Christ. You and I are accountable before this Almighty God, not for the many deeds and works of power and pomp we did accomplish through our lives. These may have been driven by the jealousy and self-ambition within us, the reason for all disorder and boastfulness. We will be accountable for our failure to be filled with wisdom from above, which is pure, peaceable, gentle, open to reason, full of mercy and good fruits, impartial and sincere. To be meek, humble, and compassionate as Jesus – this is why we have been redeemed, reinstated as sons and daughters of the Heavenly Father, and predestined in Jesus. Let us discern what it takes to be wise and understanding before the Lord and not just before mortals. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
