---
title: "‘We demolish arguments and every pretension"
date: "2025-03-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘We demolish arguments and every pretension that sets itself up against the knowledge of God, and we take captive every thought to make it obedient to Christ’ (2 Corinthians 10:5)

---

### Reflection

St Paul was explaining the secret of his spirituality – keeping his heart, mind, and thoughts submissive to Christ. There would arise arguments, pretensions, beliefs, philosophies, and so-called ‘truths’ that contradict God’s Word and His promises to His people, each day on earth. The Gospel spread and believers increased in numbers all over the world, not when things were favourable and conducive to believe, but during a time of staunch opposition, persecution, and outright annihilation of believers in Christ (the first 100 years after Jesus’s resurrection). In Roman, Greek, and Jewish writings (scholarly/historical), Jesus was referred to as the one crucified for treason, blasphemy, and rebellion. But as time passed, His followers expanded, His mission was taken over to faraway lands, healing, and deliverance were blessings testified by thousands of men (who believed in Christ) all over the world. God’s works can never be curtailed by human action or laws of the land. What He has planned to occur, can never be thwarted by any human being or thinking. This is today’s message for us, who at times are pruned to follow and align with the ways of the world, for convenience, power and purse. And as we remember St Joseph, Jesus’s foster father, who tended, led, and assured the Holy family a safe and secure living, let us learn from him, the virtues that attributed to his greatness. No human law, dictates of religion, or opinion of men could deter St Joseph from disobeying God. He was one who demolished arguments, pretensions against the knowledge of God – Jesus and wholeheartedly gave himself up for fulfilling God’s plan of Salvation through Jesus. St Joseph, pray for us to be dedicated to the Word of God always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
