---
title: "‘But the one who prophesies speaks"
date: "2025-05-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But the one who prophesies speaks to people for their strengthening, encouraging and comfort’ (1 Corinthians 14:3)

---

### Reflection

To bring to all men the message of Christ – Paul undertook different modes of preaching the Word. He spoke to them based on the revelations received from above, to the Greeks who were considered highly civilized and wise, he spoke to them the knowledge of Christ and the Cross, he prophesied at times and at several times gave the Christian communities a code of living through compilation of instructions. It was the Word of God – Jesus, that Paul introduced to many, proclaimed, emphasised, and pointed to through all his missionary journeys, his persecutions, trials, sufferings and life. Love for the Lord was what persuaded him to get going and to continue with his mission, across stormy seas, in the midst of persecution, temptations, and trials. The underlying theme that motivated him was love, into which he was growing more and more – into the likeness of Jesus Christ. And this prompted him to take to preaching the Gospel for strengthening, encouraging, and comforting believers, to increase their faith and align their lives in the light of love. This is the message for us today, to ground ourselves in love, by learning to be like Jesus, speak like Him, forgive like Him, and live like Him through this new day, He has gifted us. We may fail and even fall, but to the Lord what matters is whether we give it a try. Let our every action today be ignited by consideration for the other. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
