---
title: "‘From His fullness, we have all"
date: "2025-04-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘From His fullness, we have all received grace upon grace’ (John 1:16)

---

### Reflection

The One for whom the prophets longed to see, to whom every soul would need to reorient to when in the dark, the One whose judgments teach the inhabitants of the world what it means to be righteous – He is Jesus Christ, the Lord and Master of all. He was sent to His own, they failed to recognize Him, nor did the world who was created and established by Him. In Him was the Light for all mankind, the Light that no darkness could overcome. Through what He accomplished for men, flowed into this world grace upon grace, to them - who believed and trusted Him. It was the Law, (which God the Father Himself knew that men could never be true to), which was still given to men by God’s servant Moses. But from time immemorial, the history of mankind has been one of absolute disobedience to a Divine Law they could not comprehend. Thus to this failing race, God opened the floodgates of Mercy, through the heart of His beloved Son, Jesus, who was pierced. From it flowed the precious blood, that which erased the sins of all mankind, and rewrote their destiny. What has come to us today is the truth – To All who believe in Jesus, who accept Him as Lord, they are transformed as ‘the children of God’, born not of the flesh, but in the Spirit and truth, to worship God in fullness and perfection (as God is Spirit). Let us thus, render our hearts, minds, and spirit to the Lord Jesus, surrender all that we carry within, to be emptied of vanity and to be filled by perfection – Grace, to love as He did, and to testify to the world that He is the only Light. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
