---
title: "‘In those days certain renegades came"
date: "2025-11-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In those days certain renegades came out from Israel and misled many, saying, ‘Let us go and make a Covenant with the nations around us, for since we separated from them many disasters have come upon us’ (1 Maccabees 1:11)

---

### Reflection

There were renegades even in those times – the Hellenistic period, when Greek culture and civilization began to spread worldwide because of the Alexandrian conquest. But historians consider this era as the end phase of the Greek dominion of the world: fragmentation of the Alexandrian empire, evil descendants to the throne, their assumption of sovereignty (till then they were mere Generals of Alexander) led to the erosion of humanitarian culture, politics, philosophy, and achievements so far made to the world by the Greeks. In no time, animosity, rivalries, and tyranny was the rule - innocents were put to death, greed spread like wild-fire, and many other cultures were impacted. It was in this chaotic scenario there arose a group of apostates – renegades, who believed in compromising with the culture of the land, to imitate the ways of nations around, to evade the disasters that accompanied the political disruptions. None of these were able to make an impact either in their own lives, or in the lives of those who were influenced and lured to their thought process. However history underlines the beginning of a revolt that started to take place soon – which had far-fetching consequences – The Maccabean revolt. A people who were true to their identity, sincere to the Divine Law, obedient to the will of God, which finally secured for them their temple, its rededication, revival of worship, and a peaceful living. Our takeaway from this Scriptural passage is to be hold firm to what we have been trained, taught, and testified over the years by the Lord. No matter how difficult things turn out for us, the kind of noises that surround, the notion of being all alone in a dreaded sea of turmoil, so long as the Lord is with you, You hold the chance not just for survival but to be the one who caused it for many around you. To be the ‘Grape-picker who though late filled the winepress’ is our call. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
