---
title: "‘For the Ruler of all shows"
date: "2025-11-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the Ruler of all shows no partiality, nor does He fear greatness, because He himself made the great as well as the small, and provides for all alike’ (Wisdom 6:7)

---

### Reflection

He provides for all alike, and on this the Spirit of God draws our attention to, as we begin a new day. If the Ruler of all - Lord Jesus has provided for all alike, how then do I still see the disparities of all sorts around? We often ask ourselves this question, failing to understand that as ministers of His Kingdom, You and I have been entrusted with the task of bridging the gaps. The divide between the haves and the have-nots, the divide between the skilled and unskilled, intelligent and ignorant, the affluent and the marginalized……..the list goes on and on. It’s not everywhere that we have been assigned authority and power, but each has his/her own realm or sphere of authority, where he has been entrusted to rule and empower. How faithful have we been in those little areas? Have we been cowed by the fear of the great and belittled the small? Have we shown the guts to open up and speak the truth in the face of opposition or disagreement? Have we watered down the segmentation between right and wrong merely to please the egos of the superior or influential? If so, we will have to encounter a severe judgment from the ruler of all. The mighty (those who lorded over many because of their position) shall be put to the test ‘mightily’, but the lowly will receive pardon because they were merciful. Let us ask the Lord to fill us with wisdom to discern what He wills of us, not what we have learned from the ways of the world, or from public opinion, but to concur with what we have been created to do and be. For we have been created for Eternity and not for this world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
