---
title: "‘…..Of Him who has called us"
date: "2025-07-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘…..Of Him who has called us to His own glory and excellence, by which He has granted to us His precious and very great promises, so that through them you may become partakers of the Divine nature, having escaped from the corruption that is in the world because of sinful desire’ (2 Peter 1:3,4)

---

### Reflection

Every morning is an ‘invite to a new beginning’ by the Holy Spirit, who reminds us of our status in Christ Jesus. That we are not mere people of the flesh, but those with a profound calling, those with a grand heritage. Our vocation is to partake in the Divine nature of God, to co-create, expand, and rectify for the sustenance of this world. You and I are called to build bridges where ties have broken, to repair the breaches in walls, to restore homes to their lost glory. And for this, we are granted precious and great promises from above, the reignition of God’s Spirit in us – the same Spirit that raised Jesus from the dead. Hardly do we realize, nor do we perceive of ‘the expectations’ that the Lord has on our behalf, from the time when we were called in the womb of our mother. Therefore, it is towards your purpose, the Spirit of God calls enlightens you with today. You are not a stranger, an alien in God’s Kingdom, but a member of the Household of God, with numerous saints, martyrs, and holy people who passed before you. Let us awaken in ourselves the realization of our true selves, let go of silly passions/desires of the flesh that tend to interrupt our identity, call upon Jesus, our pioneer of faith, to guide us through on His path. We pray for encouragement, strength, and conviction to be with the Lord today, to fulfill our role in the sustenance of the world. May you exhibit the excellence and glory of your Heavenly Father with the grace that Jesus fills you with. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
