---
title: "' for the law made nothing"
date: "2025-05-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ' for the law made nothing perfect, there is on the other hand the introduction of a better hope through which we approach God (Heb 7:19)

---

### Reflection

Even the most righteous among men may find themselves grappling with faith when things and people around seem to adversely surmount them. Moses, the Law giver found it hard to contain the rebellious people whom God entrusted to him to be led to the promised land. He failed to obey God (though only once) when tormented from all sides by criticism, allegations and insults. This was to prove to us that none could attain perfection before God (by himself) or by stringently observing the Laws. The Laws were a shadow of better things yet to be revealed to us. The hope that everyone could be saved and perfected to worship God by the offering (of self) of Jesus, the High Priest, was what these precedents pointed to. We are enabled to approach the Throne of Mercy, through Jesus to be cleansed, renewed and reinstated in glory. And we have obtained this by His power and might. Not for just a few, but to everyone who humbles himself before the Lord 'accepting' his vulnerability to sin, this grace is open to. This is the hope the New Covenant provides us, that in Jesus we have become inheritors to all God's promises, provided we trust in Him. Thus St Paul spoke, we have become all the more conquerors because of Him who loved us. Thankyou Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
