---
title: "‘Now He who supplies seed to"
date: "2025-04-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Now He who supplies seed to the sower and bread for food will also supply and increase your store of seed and will enlarge the harvest of your righteousness’ (2 Corinthians 9:10)

---

### Reflection

The ‘seed’ is the manifold resources that our Creator has blessed us in life. Not just the material resource of money, but our unique abilities – intellect, knowledge, wisdom, understanding, time, faith, God’s Word, management/ life skills………the list is unending. To the sower, God gives in abundance, so that he may reap a plentitude of harvest. In addition to this harvest, he is given a multiplication of the store of resources (seed), so that much more can be sown and harvested for posterity. Who is a sower? The one who gives freely, willingly, and delightfully, the one who is ready to spend, invest, or even waste his own - to see a smile, satisfaction, and prosperity for the other. In this regard, the sower could be anyone not necessarily an agriculturist or planter, he can be a person as ordinary as a parent, a guardian, a teacher, a professional, an administrator, a leader… With all that you have, if you are willing to invest time, waste your leisure, dedicate yourself, or engross yourself in innovative thinking, what you can do with the Lord at your side is marvelous. If only every individual knew the resourcefulness with which God had created him, he would do all at hand to disproportionately multiply and support those given to his care with it – knowing that all that is spent is not lost but stored for a righteous harvest. Look into your life, be thankful for all the Lord has done for you to this day, Ask Him of how you could most wisely make use of what He has kept hidden in you. You have been called to develop, multiply, and progress in life, not to wilt, stagnate and die. May the Spirit of Jesus inspire us to this motive. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
