---
title: "‘For the Lord Himself is his"
date: "2025-03-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the Lord Himself is his portion and inheritance’ (Sirach 45:22)

---

### Reflection

The Lord Himself would be all that Aaron and his descendants would need. This is exactly what today's Word of God reminds us of what made Aaron so distinct from the rest of the crowd. He was indeed one of the heroes of great esteem chosen by the Lord in the line of the Patriarchs. To him was conferred the position and prestige of priesthood, clothed with glory, adorned with a crown of Gold inscribed with ‘holiness’ on it, unknown to people before him – all to remind him of his responsibility towards God, to offer sacrifices on behalf of himself, the people, to bless the people, to teach and enlighten God’s people about the Divine Law, precepts and to pronounce judgment in wisdom. There were in those times a few who criticized him, questioned his authority, scoffed at him, and conspired against him, similar to what we see today. But God’s favor and delight followed him all the days of his life. The Levites were not allotted any specific land among their fellow Israelites as owners, only given certain cities, as we read in the Book of Joshua, Leviticus, and Deuteronomy. Why God proposed so, could be because He considered them special, He wanted them to rely on Him always, He wanted them to be remembered as a living symbol/presence of God’s providence, His Holiness, and distinctness before the world. Now the relevance of this mention of the Levites and God’s will about them has a lot to do for us too. You and I are called to be living symbols/witnesses (to the world) of the love, mercy, providence, and companionship of the Lord who walks with us. Faith demands that we rely on God alone, attribute worship, glory, and honor to people, places, and things that are Divine as against things of this world, and strive to be filled with the favor and delight of the Lord all the days of our life on earth (whatever be our calling). As for the Levites, the Lord Jesus Himself is all that we would need in our lives. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
