---
title: "‘But Sarah saw the son of"
date: "2025-07-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she had borne to Abraham, laughing. So she said ‘Cast out this slave woman with her son, for the son of the slave woman shall not be heir with my son, Isaac’ (Genesis 21:9-10)

---

### Reflection

To this, St Paul once explained, ‘What fellowship has light with darkness?’ What he meant was exactly what Sarah expressed through her protest against ‘the demeanor’ of the son of the slave woman. What the Spirit of the Lord tells us today is this – there is a difference between the ways of the world and the ways of the Lord; what the Divine Law has imposed on us can never be overridden by any law – of the land, of society, of any other human institution. This applies to every aspect of our life, be it the family, be it the society we are placed to be part of, or any community. What errs with the law of love can never be compromised to serve any interest – be it individual or common or however highly significant. Taking the case of the family, what God has designed needs to be preserved – in a marital relationship, it is the good of the other spouse, that would take precedence to any other societal norm. Now if we were to turn to society – it is the integrity of each individual and family that needs to rescind any other societal obligation. If we were to take a country, it is the rule of liberty, equality, and fraternity – the realm of Divine law, that needs to counter any other revolutionary idea or ideal. In the Book of Genesis, Sarah was convinced that the child of the Promise would not prevail if he were to dwell with the child of the flesh. What diverges from the natural law, what counters with morals, can never be compromised to serve human survival and existence. This is what we need to enrich our upcoming generations with that - in whatever we ‘say’, or do, it is God who needs to be magnified, more than any other. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
