---
title: "‘Therefore put on the full armor"
date: "2025-02-06"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done everything to stand’ (Ephesians 6:13)

---

### Reflection

The Holy Spirit instills in us encouragement and boldness to stand firm, as warriors of the Kingdom of God. Not to trust in those feats of the past (we maneuvered) that have brought us through ‘victorious’ and unfazed; but in the full armor that God has given us. We are called to trust in the Lord, in His strength, and in His deeds of power that have been fulfilled for our redemption. And the reasons why it is futile to lean on our intelligence and tactfulness is ‘firstly’ because our combat is not against flesh and blood (though may be used by the evil) and because there are times destined as ‘days of the evil’ in one’s life, when one’s mode of operation would be highly restricted to that of defense alone. During the latter times, all that we are asked to do is to quietly resume those responsibilities of our calling (vocation) standing firm in the Lord and draped in His armaments. It is this that gives us confidence before the Throne of Mercy, that we have done everything He has asked us to do. To be truthful, upright, peace-makers, with increased faith, hope in God’s fulfilled works for our Salvation and in the promises He will fulfill till the end times.  Be still, when times seem tough, knowing that the Lord is in full control of all that overwhelms us in the present, His plans for us are unchangeable, and so are His promises that would come to pass in due course and all for good. And everything will turn out for the greater good in us, yes as we love Him, but more because He loved us first and died for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
