---
title: "‘For the appeal we make does"
date: "2025-02-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the appeal we make does not spring from error or impure motives, nor are we trying to trick you’ (1 Thessalonians 2:3)

---

### Reflection

The Thessalonian believers laid an example before all the Churches as imitators of the Gospel. They were persecuted in all ways, enmity from Jewish counterparts in Thessalonica, the mob who were stirred against Paul and the believers in Christ…. Despite all, they stood firm to what the Gospel taught them, of living a life worthy of God who had called them to be citizens of His Kingdom and to partake of His glory. Paul while remembering the difficulties he had to undergo while attempting to preach the Word of God at Thessalonica, is thankful to God for the grace that filled the hearts of the people who listened to him. They received His words, not as that from human beings, but as the Word of God, which was in itself powerful to work wonders in their midst. And so did it resound in the hearts of these believers, that helped them persevere through the trials that awaited them soon after. To us, this opens a warning, that in all that we do or say let us be convinced that – It does not merely depend on our individual exertion (hard work) or ambition, or way of words that brings in the required success, but through grace and the mercy of God, that helps create everything from the non-existent. However shrewd, calcitrant or powerful be our words, it is doubtful if hearts and minds can be touched by them to bring about even a subtle change, but God can make all the change that is expected in the lives of men, even in the most unbelievable manner, if we trust in Him and surrender our littleness to His mighty presence. Be the power in me, Lord Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
