---
title: "‘When she heard about Jesus, she"
date: "2025-06-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘When she heard about Jesus, she came up behind Him in the crowd and touched His cloak, because she thought If I just touch His clothes I will be healed’ (Mark 5:27,28)

---

### Reflection

This sick woman was healed - the one who believed that if she had just touched the fringes of His clothes, she would be healed. Her inner resolve to brave all odds, to pass through the unruly crowds, and to seek the remedy for her illness (which had chained her for twelve long years), was never deterred by the norms of society – societal stigma, the reproach of people, shame and guilt that were derivatives of her wounded personality, helplessness of being a woman or any other. She knew that there wasn’t a way ahead for her, as she was impoverished (having spent all her earnings on the treatment of her ailment), and even though she thrived within a society that was too cold to understand/consider her, she was not numbed, because of the light of faith in God that kept burning within her, giving her the hope for a revival. And to prove her right beyond any other, this story of the healing of the woman who suffered from haemorrhage is repeatedly narrated in all three Synoptic Gospels. To open our eyes to the fact that even in the most unchangeable situations of life, it is Jesus ‘alone’ who can make a breakthrough, ‘a twist’ for the better, one may never have thought about. Therefore, however distraught and dismaying things/people around us may appear, we who trust in the Lord, have the hope of amazing grace over-shadowing us all through life. The faith as slight as a mustard seed is all that we need to express and proclaim for the Lord to take control. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
