---
title: "‘Yet it was the Lord’s will"
date: "2025-02-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Yet it was the Lord’s will to crush him and cause him to suffer, and though the Lord makes his life an offering for sin, he will see his offspring and prolong his days, and the will of the Lord will prosper in his hand’ (Isaiah 53:10)

---

### Reflection

His life was made an offering for sin and the will of the Lord prospered in his hand – Isaiah’s prophesy of the Suffering servant, the Messiah, Jesus for mankind – this we always recall and claim for the sake of atonement for our sins and for receiving grace, that fulfills all God’s promises for us. But even when we believe in Christ’s redeeming suffering and his glorious resurrection, we fail to acknowledge the reenactment of this suffering in the lives of many around us. As the world is, we are prone to be close to those who are affluent, those who proved remarkably successful in life, those who are in positions of power and authority – not just that; we even tend to trivialize the many faults/mistakes these may perpetrate in daily life. All because we have gotten to believe that prosperity alone is a blessing from God. It is true and undoubtful that prosperity comes from God, but even sufferings may be permitted or imposed upon persons (not all) for the sake of God’s marvels being unravelled through their lives. When the compassionate Lord, permits such kind of unwelcome circumstances in one’s life, He ensures to empower him/her with a double portion of grace to work out a ten fold blessing from the awkward. The uniqueness of this person who suffers is that he is the beloved of the Lord, the one with whom the Lord walks with. And because of His (God’s) great trust in this faithful one, the Lord takes him through the trials, the failures, the untoward situations, rough patches in life, not for a lifetime, but for a while so that with the wisdom he has acquired, he would be able to outdo/overcome the faults the evil has imposed upon his life. Therefore, if You are in great suffering, if people have rejected and condemned you on account of your burdensome life, you have more to hope about - the Lord loves you, upholds you, and will carry you through onto the safe shores. This He desires to let you know. You are the apple of His eye. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
