---
title: "‘Out of Zion, the perfection of"
date: "2025-11-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Out of Zion, the perfection of beauty, God shines forth’ (Psalm 50:2)

---

### Reflection

The Lord calls you to be this perfection of beauty, in every sense, to be Zion, from where He will shine forth to the world. This perfection is attained by being thankful for everything that the Lord has ordained for you and me this day. After all, our days may at times seem so long, struggles and afflictions may have heaped up at every nook and cranny, and there may have been those memories of old that have been forgotten under the weight of our present trials. Whatever, let us choose to clothe ourselves with this tinge of thankfulness, to admit that there have been so many blessings, hidden, unearthed, and unimagined, that we were holding on to all the time. Even for those unfulfilled wishes and desires of our hearts, these were stored up in us by our Creator, and will bear fruit in His destined time, which is our perfect timing. It is gratitude that wraps one in grace, in the glory that comes from above. Let us pray for this transformation of mind for the power/ability to appreciate all that we have been bestowed with, many of which we haven’t asked for, and for those yet to be opened up for us – those on the way. We are children of a loving God, who gave up even His only Son (Jesus) for our reclamation - Will He ‘not’ along with Jesus give us every other thing that would bring the fulfillment of our dreams. So we trust in the Lord, the One with the Father, who intercedes for us and grants us better gifts each day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
