---
title: "'By the grace of God I"
date: "2025-01-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> 'By the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace towards me has not been in vain. On the contrary, I worked harder than any of them, though it was not I, but the grace of God that is with me' (1 Corinthians 15:10)

---

### Reflection

How beautiful and in the fullness of the Holy Spirit did Paul give his testimony - on his urge to spread the Gospel to the corners of the world. Better late than never, they say. And Paul's life and his words were just that. Having realized the richness of glory in Him, the presence of Jesus and of the richest he inherited in Jesus, nothing could hinder St Paul from proclaiming the Word, that which was revealed to him by the Lord. All that was valuable to him till then ( his noble birth, learnedness)no more did seem of worth when compared to Christ. The power of Christ in him pressed him to make 3 missionary journeys to reach out to the Gentiles, to suffer hunger, poverty, discouragements, and persecution.....all for the sake of Christ. And he worked much more than others, but with the conviction that it was the grace in him that kept doing the work. Thus bearing the marks of Christ in his body, he remained the fiery apostle and ambassador of Jesus Christ. To us, here is the example of die hard commitment, dedication and trust in grace that we are called to embody in our nature, to ensure no stone remaining unturned in our paths to make a break. Lord Jesus, I am what I am because of your works in me. I wish to keep doing, to the best all that you entrust to me with a firm resolve and trust that you will fulfil towards success the works of my hands. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
