---
title: "‘But as for me, I am"
date: "2025-04-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But as for me, I am poor and needy; come quickly to me, O God. You are my help and my deliverer; Lord, do not delay’ (Psalm 70:5)

---

### Reflection

The psalmist David was far more than wise. He knew his virtues, vices, his strengths, weaknesses, his opportunities, and his areas of threat. Thus, when he approached the Lord, his prayer was one of ‘complete surrender’ of his being. He knew situations may change then and there in life; life could be so uncertain at times, and with all his wealth, power, and influence, he could at times be so feeble no better than a prey before its predator. What then he would need is immediate intervention from above to prevent him from falling or being humiliated. This prayer of David teaches us what it is to be humble before the Almighty. It unveils the personality of this great King that certified him as one with a heart after God. We are taught of where to reach out to, or plead before, when in distress, or in dire need of help. For He who has His dwelling in the Heavens, watches over us and brings us all the aid we would need in life. It is HE who is to strike our enemies (those who inflict injury on us). It is towards this perspective the Spirit of God leads us today through Psalm 70:5, that our help comes only from the Lord, the Maker of Heaven and Earth; When things go astray, we are to call out to Him for the most appropriate help and support, before blindly believing our instincts or the inclinations of our intellect and mind. Be my help and deliverer without delay, O Lord, as I make every stride and stroll towards my destiny. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
