---
title: "‘Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast,"
date: "2025-02-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labour is not in vain’ (1 Corinthians 15:58)

---

### Reflection

All that has been sown in this perishable body, sown in pain, dishonor, and weakness, will be raised in glory that one day. When the trumpet sounds, in a moment, a twinkling of the eyes, along with the dead, we will be raised to accompany the Lord to Eternity with our imperishable bodies. Therefore even the subtle of things we have done with a loving gesture, will count as treasure compiled for in our Heavenly abode. We are assured this because of Jesus Christ, who proved to us through His resurrection, through the graces bestowed on us through His resurrected body, and through the Holy Spirit poured into our hearts that tells us that we are not our own, but purchased for a price. So let us ensure that all we do, we say, and even the words of prayer that we utter, become thanksgiving to the Father for the victory, Jesus has given us. Let us not indulge in worthless speech, arguments, and judgments that abet sinfulness and hurt in another, but as followers of Christ, let us bear each other’s burdens in the spirit of love and compassion. With all that we have acquired through the gift of faith, our beliefs, convictions, principled living, handed down from generations of old, need to be steadfast and preserved, to keep us from swaying from the truth to the relative which is of this world and subject to change – of both space and time. In the Lord and with Him, every effort of ours is intact, and would be recompensed by Him in its time. Let us pray for caution and prudence – that the words of our mouth and the meditation of our hearts be convincing and commendable to the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
