---
title: "‘However, to the one who does"
date: "2025-10-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘However, to the one who does not work but trusts God who justifies the ungodly, their faith is counted as righteousness’ (Romans 4:5)

---

### Reflection

To believe in God would mean to trust Him, that His plans for us are always for our goodness. You and I may at times be wrong – we may make hasty decisions, may misunderstand, fail to champion a just cause, or even utter discouraging words. We are mere mortals, susceptible to falling off, even when we consider ourselves ‘firm’ and secure on the heights, we must admit. Therefore, when things seem like falling ‘way’ apart in life, let us learn to surrender, to let go of our plans, and humble ourselves to accept that He has a way. This one is justified by God, whom God certifies as ‘the faithful one’, who leans not merely on the inclinations of his intellect, but accepts his frailty before his Creator. To the world, he may seem ‘foolish’, but before the Lord, he becomes the wise man who built his house on the ‘rock.’ The rains lashed, the floods overwhelmed, but his house was on a firm footing, because it was built on the rock Jesus Christ. Thus was Abraham, the father of all believers. He left the security of his home, hometown, his people, and land on to a land he till then never knew about, because he trusted in the ‘one’ who called him, believing that he had designed for him a city most habitable. And it was granted to him as he wished, not just to him, but to numerous generations from then on, to all who exhibited this trait of trusting in the Lord and obeying his will. May you be one among them, the blessed of the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
