---
title: "‘But all of you who were"
date: "2025-03-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But all of you who were faithful to the Lord your God are still alive today – every one of you’ (Deuteronomy 4:4)

---

### Reflection

Moses reminds the Israelites of their past – the wilderness experience of 40 years that had come to pass, of the deprivations they had to put up with, of the humiliations and rejections they had to encounter all through those hard times. That, if it was not for God’s works in them, they would have perished halfway, in the wilderness (the many perils and hindrances they faced were hazardously endangering), unable to see the promised land – the land of abundance. It was to prepare them for something supernatural that they were led through suffering and pain none other could think of. Nothing for them to be boastful about, but the fact that the mighty Hand of the Lord held them, protected and preserved them to this day. This message rings out loud and clear to You and me, who live in the modern era – the epoch of technology – of swift changes and uncertainties that can make or break us. But God’s Word assures us that all the needed skills for thriving on would be provided by Him, who has the world in His Hands. Just as it were to the faithful among God’s people who braved all odds to make it to the Promised Land, given for them to inherit, so would be the case of all who believe in Jesus Christ and obey His Word. And for those who deny Him and His Word, would have tp pay the price of what occurred to the unfaithful among God’s people – they questioned, doubted, criticized and disbelieved in God, only to find themselves swamped halfway in the desert. We have a merciful God, who desires our progress. Let us hold firm to the Lord, despite the things, people, and circumstances, we are placed into. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
