---
title: "‘Simon, Simon, behold, Satan demanded to"
date: "2025-08-04"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Simon, Simon, behold, Satan demanded to have you, that he may sift you like wheat. But I have prayed for you, Simon, that your faith may not fail. And when you have turned back, strengthen your brothers’ (Luke 22:31,32)

---

### Reflection

Simon was the ‘rock’ (according to Jesus), whom Jesus saw as the foundation to build His Church, and lead it. At one critical juncture in life, Jesus saw that Simon was demanded – to be tempted, to be sifted by Satan. Tossed about in confusion, delusion, and helplessness, by the Evil, so that he who was chosen to guide, protect, and console, may speak and do things contrary to trust in the Lord. As we read further (in the Gospel) about the course of events that took place, we see how this determined man was swayed and intimidated by what we would regard as some of the least significant people and circumstances. The matter of fact is that he was impacted, for a few moments abandoned to doubt, darkness, and fear, but he repented and cried his heart out. I believe, that it was the powerful prayer of the Lord (for Simon) that saved Simon and brought him to where He was chosen and set apart to be. Satan still keeps demanding to see our fall. What could then save us? Not our works, thoughts, strategies, or even our prayers at times (because we know not how to pray). It is the intercession of Jesus for us that would help us survive and emerge triumphant in all these situations. Let us therefore ask the Lord to pray for us, to save us from stumbling and falling prey to the traps of the enemy. For we are merely flesh and blood, but in constant combat with the rulers, authorities, and spirits of darkness, that hail even in the Heavenly realms. Jesus, My Lord and Master, be my Saviour; I may be angry, unforgiving at times, intolerant, and unrelenting; but You be my ‘rock’ and staff of comfort to move on. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
