---
title: "‘O God, you are my God;"
date: "2025-07-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘O God, you are my God; earnestly I seek you; my soul thirsts for you; my flesh faints for you, as in a dry and weary land where there is no water’ (Psalm 63:1)

---

### Reflection

King David prayed from the depths of his heart, acknowledging how much he needed to be with the Lord; how much his soul thirsted for God. Every occurrence in the life of David was an awakening of his soul to this awareness, that he needed nothing but the Lord for restoration. This instinct in him drew him close to the heart of God, made him distinguished before God. David was certified by God Himself as a man with a heart that clung to Him. None of his descendants could claim this merit, ‘that which made David distinctively above board,’ the cause of a perpetual dynasty for Israel, the one who prepared the way for his son to rule in peace and majesty. The Holy Spirit points to ‘David’ as a lesson, for all generations (here to this day) to imitate. To seek the Lord, to thirst for Him alone, whatever be the trials and twists in life, It is the Lord alone You and I need for today’s revival, a new start, progress, and tryst with destiny. All who longed for the Lord were honoured during their life on earth and much more in Eternity. St Mary Magdalene was one of them, the first among those who witnessed the Glory of the Lord, and who was sent to proclaim it to the world. Let us pray for His steadfast love and mercy to overshadow us today and every day. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
