---
title: "‘Say therefore to the people of"
date: "2025-11-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Say therefore to the people of Israel, ‘I am the Lord, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will deliver you from slavery to them, and I will redeem you with an outstretched arm and with great acts of judgment’ (Exodus 6:6)

---

### Reflection

Through Moses, God tells His people that He is there for them - to bring them out of their burdens, to deliver them from slavery to the Egyptians, and to redeem them so that, freed from the vicious circle of captivity (of deprivations), they would joyfully enter the promised land. Under the Egyptians, the Israelites lost all hope for a comeback. What was until then impossible to them, even by a figment of imagination, was what the Lord spoke to them. Therefore, they ignored the words of Moses and went their way, heartbroken and angry. We sometimes behave this way – when fret by trials and challenges one after another in life, when unable to find meaning in our efforts, after all the hard work and toil, nothing tangible appears to us, when people around, though half-hearted, reap heavier returns, we get annoyed with everybody and everything around, even to the extent of stating that God can do nothing. When the Israelites felt so, the Lord intervened, asking Moses to go and ask Pharaoh to liberate the Israelites as per His command. Perplexed and dumbfounded, Moses was in a fix, unable to make sense of what He was to do when even God’s people did not give heed to what he said to them. The Bible tells us that the Lord speaks to Moses and Aaron and gives them charge over His people and the Pharaoh, that His plan for their liberation may be fulfilled. God’s plans are irreversible, no matter how hard situations, people, technology, or politics may seem. God is in full control; He was and continues to be the author of our story. Let us trust in Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
