---
title: "‘Do not repay evil for evil"
date: "2025-07-11"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Do not repay evil for evil or reviling for reviling, but on the contrary, bless, for to this you were called, that you may obtain a blessing’ (1 Peter 3:9)

---

### Reflection

You and I have been called to obtain the blessing. Not just this, but to pose that blessing to those who knowingly or unknowingly may also obtain it because of us. The ones who unknowingly obtain this blessing are those who are remembered before the Throne of Mercy because of our cries before God. What must have caused us to open up to the Lord could be their misdeeds, provocative behaviour, vices, injustice suffered from them, whatever…But when we lift our voices, seeking justice from the Most High, we must believe, and the Lord has promised us this: that He would intervene for their repentance, the reason for their blessing. And of the one who has brought back the sinner, will not just save his soul (the offender’s), but will also have made a restitution for a multitude of his sins too. It’s quite hard to bring into practice, especially when the offence seems to have occurred from those close to our hearts. The pain/the agony of having suffered deception, or a kind of setback, or of being snubbed by those whom we sincerely loved and cared for, could be the deepest wound in one’s heart. And no amount of soothing talk, human counselling, or medicine can ever bring about a healing so deep as this. Here, the Lord tells us to count each one of these, one by one, offering them to the Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Mother, the one whose heart was pierced and wounded by the sword of condemnation. She will teach us how to let go of the pain, the deep wounds of yester-years, the torments and disdains of a lifetime, that we were never responsible for, for she knew what it meant to suffer for no cause of one’s own. She who bore the Son of God, nourished and grew Him up, only to be led to crucifixion, had the courage and conviction to accept God’s will above any human explanation. Let us Offer ourselves and this day to the Sacred Heart of Jesus and The Immaculate Heart of Mary, may we be renewed, restored and comforted through them. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
