---
title: "‘To love Him with all your"
date: "2025-03-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘To love Him with all your heart, with all your understanding and with all your strength, and to love your neighbor as yourself is more important than all burnt offerings and sacrifices’ (Mark 12:33)

---

### Reflection

It could have been with the intent of testing Jesus that the Scribe approached Him with the question of the greatest of all commandments. To him was reiterated the Jewish foundational Law of Shema – to love God with all your heart, understanding and strength and to love one’s neighbor as oneself. Throughout the Bible, we encounter this truth of what pleases God the most – a loving and sincere heart that seeks God, and that which expresses the same sober-mindedness to fellow beings. This God approves more than burnt offerings, sacrifices or ritualistic practices. To God’s people in the Old Testament, offerings and sacrifices were of phenomenal importance and there were thorough and detailed laws outlined in the Torah of how offerings were to be made before God. The motive behind every offering was to honor God with one’s wealth and resources, and thereby to be blessed (obtain absolution for sins, transgressions and iniquities). From the very beginning of creation, (even before detailed laws were compiled) men offered sacrifices and gifts to God – as we read of the offerings of Cain and Able. What concerned God was the heart of the giver, whether it was gratitude and humble worship that constituted the substance of the offering, or was it an exercise from an empty, envious, and unjust giver. Thus, Able’s offerings pleased God, but not Cain’s. When Jesse (the father of King David) brought his sons before the Lord (prophet of the Lord) for being anointed, it was into their hearts that the Lord looked – thus David, the least of them was chosen to be ‘the anointed’ of the Lord. Let us therefore, look into ourselves, our inner beings – if we are rooted in true love - for God and our fellow beings – whether it is the dictates or norms of this world that decide our course of action and deeds? Whom do we please by our deeds? The people who see our magnanimity or the Lord who perceives every motive of our deeds. Lord Jesus create in me a pure heart, a new Spirit that longs after you, so that I may hurt none by word or deed – You who measure the depths of each soul, grace me with increased love and strength. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
