---
title: "‘For I long to see you,"
date: "2025-10-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For I long to see you, that I may impart to you some spiritual gift to strengthen you – that is, that we may be mutually encouraged by each other’s faith, both yours and mine’ (Romans 1:11,12)

---

### Reflection

Everyone longs for ‘encouragement’ - this extends not just to the material realms alone, but also to the spiritual arena. A healthy support system is what perpetuates progression and growth. It is one where one’s strengths are highlighted and appreciated, while at the same time, weaknesses are pinpointed for rectification. Therefore, every unit of society - beginning with ‘the family’ must mould itself into a wholesome support system for human dignity and values to thrive and be sustained. Each one of us has a responsibility to share the Gospel, the evangelical virtues of love, faith, and hope within our families. This doesn’t take place by default, but when each one of us (especially elders and parents) consciously devotes time, effort, and space for God’s Word and His kingdom every day. For God’s Word works in manifold marvellous ways, to teach, reprimand, advise, and train in righteousness. It is then that we obtain grace to mutually encourage ourselves in our faith, offer a shoulder to the one who is crying, strengthen the doubtful, and admit that we are all vulnerable human beings who are interdependent and need help. Paul longed to meet the believers in Christ in Rome, that they may benefit from his spiritual gifts and he be consoled in Christ with the encouragement of their progressing faith. This example he offers is valid for us too, in our homes, institutions, communities, and Churches, that enrichment in Christ’s love may help us overcome all imperfections (as existing today). God bless you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
