---
title: "‘Take my yoke upon you, and"
date: "2025-01-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Take my yoke upon you, and learn from me, for I am gentle and lowly in heart, and you will find rest for your souls’ (Matthew 11:29)

---

### Reflection

Some questions in life may still remain before us as though unanswered or even unheard by the Lord. However much we attempt to seek from Him an answer, He may just leave a smile without words. Because He knows our every being, our needs, our future, and beyond, which hardly anyone else does. At our level/stage of understanding, He knows we would never be able to comprehend the ‘why’ of His ways. With utmost love and concern for our well-being, the Lord encourages us to learn from Him the inevitable tip for life’s success – To put on the mantle of Him, His gentleness, His lowliness of heart, and He will lead us to the rest our souls have always longed for. The Year 2025 is a new beginning to learn to be like the Lord, to groom ourselves in His traits of humility, gentleness and silence. As it was proclaimed through the prophet, years before the Messiah’s coming, that in quietness and calmness of Spirit will be your rest. To us too, this year, the Spirit of Jesus enlightens our mind to enter the thresholds of the new year with more joy, peace, optimism and hope, because the Lord is at work for us, on our behalf, and He will never abandon us half way through, but carry us through that we may see the best yet to unfold in life’s journey. Lord, help us in our resolve to imitate You and only You to welcome the Jubilee Year with blessings and power. Happy new year

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
