---
title: "‘But as for you, O man"
date: "2025-07-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But as for you, O man of God, flee these things. Pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, steadfastness, gentleness. Fight the good fight of the faith. Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called’ (1 Timothy 6:11-12)

---

### Reflection

The Spirit of God encourages us to pursue virtues of righteousness, godliness, faith, love, steadfastness and gentleness, that the Gospel teaches us. Temptations to be led by the standards of this world are sure to come. But as people of God, we are called to take hold of Eternal life by endurance in our trust in the Lord’s providence for us. The love of money, St Paul explains to his disciple Timothy, is the root of all kinds of evil. It has led many to stray from faith, to plunge themselves into harmful desires that ultimately bring destruction and ruin. Nowhere does this mean that earning money for our well-being is a sin, but love for money when it takes dominance in one’s heart can take the space of being a means rather than an end through virtuous means, thus transforming relationships. People tend to be highly self-centred, individualists, ready to compromise on sinfulness even at the cost of the Divine order. Families get impacted, societies all the more, and what emerges is a generation that believes in abandoning the path of life to secure prosperity and wealth. Let us sensitise ourselves and posterity to what makes for a meaningful life on earth. We are called to live as ardent warriors of ‘truth’, ‘life’, and ‘the way’ – which is Jesus Himself. Lord, give us the grace to pursue your precepts, rules, and laws, to be warriors of Your Kingdom; over any other priority of this world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
