---
title: "‘The tenth is collected by people"
date: "2025-05-14"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The tenth is collected by people who die, but in the other case by Him who is declared to be living. One might even say that Levi who collects the tenth, paid the tenth through Abraham, because when Melchizedek met Abraham, Levi was still in the body of his ancestor’ (Hebrews 7: 8-10)

---

### Reflection

Abraham believed and this made him righteous before the Most High. Abraham’s belief/conviction of God’s power over everything was expressed by him in several modes throughout his lifetime. To be able to stand firm for what you believe, be it in the Almighty or even in worldly aspects calls for much grit and wisdom. So You and I must accept the personality of this Patriarch, Abraham, who not only stood firm for what he believed, but also was ready to go out of the way to prove his beliefs. At a time when the Levi priests were inexistent, Abraham went above board to pay a tenth of the spoils of war (material wealth) to Melchizedek, the Priest of God Most High. His wisdom gave him the discernment to understand that Melchizedek was no ordinary one, a priest forever, the King of Peace and righteousness, to be honored and the One through whom the Blessings of God were to bear fruit in him (Abraham) and generations. Jesus who is this Melchizedek, is our High Priest forever, the Prince of Peace and righteousness (it is He who would judge the nations on that Final day). Does this knowledge about the Lord engender in us the works of faith - love, hope, that would bring into the world mercy, compassion, and care for one another? If not, we must ask the Lord to pour into our hearts His Spirit, the Spirit of discernment, wisdom, and understanding to distinguish the right from the wrong, to voice out for those marginalized, those in need and whom the Lord brings before us to be generous. By listening to Him, we become righteous, by adhering to His inspirations, we become wise, as Abraham our Father of believers. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
