---
title: "Before I formed you in the"
date: "2025-06-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, and before you were born I consecrated you; I appointed you a prophet to the nations’ (Jeremiah 1:4,5)

---

### Reflection

‘Now the Word of the Lord came to me, saying,



You and I are inevitable to this world, and more so to the Lord, since we have been devised for a unique purpose, that ‘which’ none other can bring to completion. Our paths may never be the same, but we eventually converge when it is time to leave our earthly abode. Even the challenges we may encounter in this journey called ‘life’, may seem strange to another. To get caught in the delirium of anxiety or ‘worries’, is just so natural – in a world where uncertainties rule the roost, and when faced with the reality of a society that has forgotten to love. One may at times be forced to ‘evaluate’ one’s strengths and threats when it comes to taking on anything new. Thus, more than ever, to make wrong decisions, or tread through harder realities in life becomes possible even to the wisest among men. And when we realize that there have been flaws in our thinking, reasoning out, or in our decisions in life, we get hurt, discouraged, and easily reminded of our vulnerabilities. Here, the Lord speaks to us the same words He told Jeremiah, the Word that strengthened Jeremiah’s resolve to vehemently undertake His mission, with hardly any support from around. Yes, it is the Lord who has consecrated you and me to take on all the tasks given to our care, this is our courage that whatever we embark upon today, He will cause to completion, betterment, and progress. As we stand before Him in prayer, Jesus tells us that He knows us, ‘every little bit’ of us, our strengths, our failures, and that we would not make it without His encouragement and strength. Be our strength today, Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
