---
title: "‘Now we are released from the"
date: "2025-03-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Now we are released from the Law, having died to that which held us captive, so that we serve in the new way of the Spirit and not in the old way of the written code’ (Romans 7:6)

---

### Reflection

What held us captive was ‘sin’, that which found a way to manifest itself through loopholes in the Law. Therefore, God in His mercy, came down to simplify the Law for mankind; In place of the existing laws, sub-sections, and provisions, of moral conduct, He condensed the sum and substance of these Laws, encapsulating a single commandment(instead) to be followed by all men – the commandment to love. Through this ‘one and only’ commandment authorized by Jesus through His sacrifice on the Cross, mankind has been delivered, healed, and set free from all bonds/shackles of confinement due to sin. We have been freed from fear, anxiety, worries, and all strongholds that plague our minds, because of the love of Jesus and the price He paid for our liberation. The Holy Spirit enlightens in us this realization of the truth, that we have been called/ordained now to serve, in love, like Jesus Christ, in the way of His Spirit. To grow in ‘love’ is our call, which neutralizes a multitude of sins in us. To imitate Christ, to make light and carry the burdens of one another, to be tolerant to those weak, and of less understanding, to be the fragrance of Jesus Christ in a world of avarice, mistrust, intolerance, unforgiveness, and hurts, to bring healing and upbuilding of the other. To rewrite those codes of old, those redundant, those that deny inclusiveness and create more have-nots – towards this we have been redeemed by the Lord and entrusted greater responsibilities on earth. Let us therefore not deprive, but be co-creators of a new world order with the Lord, who had a place in His Kingdom for outcasts, women, have-nots, underprivileged, and marginalized. Jesus challenges us to expand our horizons to serve like Him. Happy Women’s Day!

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
