---
title: "‘All the works of the Lord"
date: "2025-03-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘All the works of the Lord are very good, and whatever He commands will be done at the appointed time’ (Sirach 39:16)

---

### Reflection

At His appointed time, in line with His majestic plan for the Salvation of all mankind, God commands all the events of this Universe. If ever you have been led to think that certain works of God are delayed or appear so, some of our prayers seem unanswered for long, the Holy Spirit reminds us that God’s kindness, forbearance, and the patience with which He deals with sinners is all intended to lead all to repentance. The Lord knows all, He holds with Him, the apt solution for every problem that our world faces today, and had foreseen them even before they ever existed. Therefore, today You and I are called to thank God for all that is, that was, and would be. All that He had caused to create was good. This, ‘that all things He created are very good’, God acknowledged at the time of the creation of the Universe. All that He is at work upon are all good, for this we thank Him today. Let us be thankful for the wonder that each of us are, the innovativeness we have been called to embrace each day in our Spirit with humility and gentleness. Let us ask the Lord to bring into fruition all that He had planned to be fulfilled through us this day. Lord Jesus, make use of us as the channel of your peace, love, creativity, and hope. Give us a heart that yields to your will and is ready to work wonders with the power of your Spirit in us. Thankyou Jesus. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
