---
title: "‘Turn to me and be gracious"
date: "2025-09-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Turn to me and be gracious to me, as is your way with those who love your name. Keep steady my steps according to your promise…...’ (Psalm 119:132,133)

---

### Reflection

Today, as in the days of Old, Jesus promises to you His faithfulness, His unfailing presence all through the ways that He has opened for you. To all those who love Him, this is His affirmation – that the roads ahead may be long, winding, uncertain, and even strange; none may seem to give you company, yet you are not alone, His favour will always overshadow you. His Wings will hover over you as a protective shield against the snares of the evil one. As you and I wake up to a new day, what more do we need to ask from the Lord than being escorted by God Almighty, His Majesty, who rides across the Heavens, with His eyes fixed on you, to help you, deliver you and bless you. The Jeshurun of Old Testament is none other than you and me, who have been called and set apart for the Lord. Now what do we possess to own such a privilege, nothing but the righteousness, the sanctification and love of Jesus, by whom we have been reclaimed as children of the Heavenly Father. Acknowledging his nothingness, David prayed, asking God for favour and guidance. So do we pray today, lifting our petitions, supplications and above all our hearts with praise and gratitude, that Your will may be done today in my life. Show me your paths Lord Jesus, and be my Light, that your purpose for me is what I work to accomplish today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
