---
title: "‘Say to those who have an"
date: "2025-07-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Say to those who have an anxious heart, ‘Be strong; fear not! Behold your God will come with vengeance, with the recompense of God. He will come and save you’ (Isaiah 35:4)

---

### Reflection

Be strong, fear not! Today’s Word from the Lord reverberates to you. And You and I are called to speak this Word loud and clear before the hearing of all. It is God who saves, God who recompenses us for all that we have gone through to this day. Even if to ‘Others’, our travails, sorrows, and anxieties may seem foundless, to Jesus, it has a deep and profound eventuality. It is not before a mythical perception or concept that we have attached ourselves to, but the ‘person’ Jesus, who is the sum and substance of life for the world. When in doubt, let us ask the Lord to intervene; when our souls are disturbed, let us ask the Lord to send to us His peace; when in the dark, let us ask Jesus to surround us with His Light; when in anxiety, let us ask the Lord to confront us with His recompense and hope. You may be going through endless trials and hindrances for years, but take heart, it was the will of the Lord that you were to be tested and sealed with His mark of acceptance; not because you lacked something that the world attributed to (the reason for your plight), but because you were special in the Hands of the Lord, who wanted you to be brought up to ‘trust’ Him alone. Therefore, tell yourself that the coming of the Lord is so certain, as is the coming of the dawn after the night. The night may have been long, but not to let you give up there, but to teach you to endure, to make you a testimony of endurance for posterity – that all may believe it is good indeed to trust in the Lord always. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
