---
title: "‘Whoever believes in me, as the"
date: "2025-12-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Whoever believes in me, as the Scripture has said, ‘Out of His heart will flow rivers of Living water’ [John 7:38]

---

### Reflection

Out of your heart will flow rivers of life-giving water. Even then, you will never seem to own up, because it was given to you, that too freely. You have been made His (Jesus’s) channel, by which many may be sustained, because you trusted in Him, who is the Lord of All. This truth, St James explains further by saying – Every gift, ‘good and perfect’ comes from above - the Father of Lights, with whom there is no variation (James 1:17). When He ascended to the Heavens, glorified by the Father, He took with him captives of men, and to many were given gifts, the Bible teaches us. The gift of intellect, understanding, consoling, comforting, and encouraging, teaching, of praying for one another… all these were ordained to us by the Glorified Lord. He did so, that we may not contain or possess them or accumulate them for ourselves, but these be poured out to be the cause of growth for many. It is from the heart that good and evil come. When with the Lord, His Spirit fills us with love from the Father, urging our conscience to filter all thoughts, actions, and words through the goggles of love. We are then taught to appreciate the good in another, to value other lives, to perceive as Christ and with Him, to co-create abundance of life in our world. Like any other exercise, being with Jesus needs to be continuous, not just for one Christmas, but for every day. We slowly get remoulded, fitted into our purpose, turn out to be the ‘masterpiece’ He created us to be. And day in day out, unknowingly, His will and way be ours. God bless you

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
