---
title: "‘Turn again, O God of Hosts!"
date: "2025-08-17"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Turn again, O God of Hosts! Look down from Heaven and see; have regard for this vine, the stock that your right hand planted’ (Psalm 80:14,15)

---

### Reflection

You and I are the stock, the vine that God planted to be where we are now. He made from one man every nation of mankind to live on the face of the earth, having determined their appointed times and the boundaries of their lands and territories, the Holy Spirit reminds us today. Where you have been planted is your home, destined by the Lord, from where you have been called to bloom. Because His plans for you were distinct, special, and unique – different from others, He caused you to be within your circumstances. When the people of Judah were defeated by the Babylonians, exiled for 70 long years as had been foretold by the prophet, they were asked to follow suit (not to revolt against the Babylonians) but to build houses, engage in their livelihoods in their place of deportation, in a foreign land. For God had promised that even in a foreign land, His mighty Hands would work for them and bring in healing and restoration. Those who believed and complied with this diktat of the Lord were the ‘remnants of Judah’ whom we read about; who were fortunate to reclaim their territory (Jerusalem) and rebuild their lost glory. Today, whatever be your situation in life, believe that the Lord has called you for greater glory, that You may become His witness on the earth. Let us pray as the remnants of Judah prayed, ‘Restore us O Lord, let your face shine upon us, that we may be blessed. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
