---
title: "‘To this end we always pray"
date: "2025-06-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘To this end we always pray for you, that our God may make you worthy of his calling and may fulfill every resolve for good and every work of faith by his power’ (2 Thessalonians 1:11)

---

### Reflection

You and I have been called to toil in His Kingdom, to expand the boundaries of God’s kingdom through our maturing in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit. Jesus thus said that this Kingdom is in our midst, not something that is superficial and will be experienced in the other world. The Bible tells us that because God is with us, none can stand against us. All decisions of ours taken with good intent, the works of our hands done according to His Word, will surely see their fruit in due course of time. It is the Lord who works for you and me to will and do according to His good purpose. This power of His that works invisibly for us, behind our efforts, to ensure that all that we do get counted, is His grace. Even those efforts of ours that seemed to us like chasing the wind, the difficulties and obstacles we undertook to get things moving ahead for us and others, were His works on our behalf, that we might know and give glory to His holy name. The sum and substance of all these would constitute our works for His kingdom – our prayers in silence, prayers for others, counsel for the good of others, relentless toil for securing the lives of many, our soothing words that encouraged some who were in the dark, the smiles we exhibited (that lighted up minds) even with all the burdens weighing us down within…… it was for these that His mighty Hands worked for us. And for these alone, we would be acclaimed worthy before the Most High, may not be before men. God who reads the hearts of men will give each one of us our due reward, and even more, because of His love and faithfulness for us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
