---
title: "‘But while everyone was sleeping, his"
date: "2025-02-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘But while everyone was sleeping, his enemy came and sowed weeds among the wheat, and went away’ (Matthew 13:25)

---

### Reflection

In the parable (Parable of the Sower) just preceding this parable of the weeds, Jesus taught his disciples and the crowd about the need for a ‘prepared heart’ to receive God’s Word and do His will. Every disciple is called to participate in building up this Kingdom of the Lord on earth, by listening to God’s Word, and modifying our life – its priorities and responsibilities to suit the Divine law. Now even when we have a prepared and humble heart, to receive every Word of God and abide by it, there always stands a chance of us missing the mark. And this is when we become less cautious, or resigned/content with the present situations, or when complacency offsets the most needed diligence and prudence, giving way to an equally precarious situation in life. It is then that the enemy comes and sows the tares that weigh down on our productivity and adversely impact the fruits yet to be ripened or produced. The enemy came when everyone was sleeping, the Holy Spirit cautions us. What was untoward was sowed in confidence and when we were ignorant/unaware, lest we would have prevented it by resisting it tooth and nail. This is exactly how the best of circumstances turned out for the worse, the Sacraments meant for our sanctification led us to condemnation (because we failed to receive them worthily – a repentant heart, or gave importance to the form over the substance), even the Sacrament of matrimony seemed a customary social get-together for pleasure and revelry (with wine, bachelorette/bachelor’s parties, bridal shower, or any other pagan practice for that matter) without the imprint of the Trinity (the source of Grace). This parable – the parable of the weeds within the wheat (best quality), was all the more meant for believers, than others, for the Lord knew our hypocrisy, vain glory, deification of the self, and the lack of His love in us, that spurred the need to outsmart others than promote harmony. Lord, help me to see as you see and love as you did, to bear fruit a thirtyfold, sixtyfold or a hundredfold, as you would expect of me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
