---
title: "‘This, the first of His signs,"
date: "2025-08-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘This, the first of His signs, Jesus did at Cana in Galilee, and manifested His glory…’ (John 2:11)

---

### Reflection

The first of the Signs or wonders Jesus performed on the recommendation of His Blessed Mother was the miracle at Cana in Galilee (water being transformed into wine for the banquet). But first there was something to be unquestionably fulfilled – to fill the jars with water. This - the servants obeyed by filling the six jars with water to the brim. Now ‘filling water’ (that too in jars kept for purification) would not solve the issue of ‘scarcity of wine’ in a Jewish wedding banquet where many dear and near were a part of, and which according to their custom, tradition, and beliefs was a bad omen for the newly wedded couple. But this family was distinct: they had a special love and concern for the Blessed Mother ‘who’ was present with them, and they had love for the Lord, who was also invited to partake in the celebrations. Therefore, when Mother Mary, the mother of the Lord advised them to do whatever He tells them to do, they yielded to it without doubt or hesitation. This paved the way for the first sign of Jesus. They were instruments to God’s greater works in Jesus, only because they had a believing and pleasant heart. Let us ask our Lady whose Assumption feast we celebrate today, to intercede for us, to be more ‘humble and yielding’ to God’s ways, so that His will would manifest great glory in our lives, especially in the most pressing needs of ours. Remember, God’s ways are love and compassion. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
