---
title: "‘I do not want you to"
date: "2025-03-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I do not want you to be ignorant of this mystery, brothers and sisters, so that you may not be conceited: Israel has experienced a hardening in part until the full number of the Gentiles has come in’ (Romans 11:25)

---

### Reflection

The ways of the Lord are indeed mysterious to man. It is inappropriate, therefore, to try to understand His ways merely by our bend of mind or intellectual faculties. Pointing to the Jews who failed to recognize and believe in Jesus the Messiah, Paul affirms that God is still able to save them. He will turn His attention to these (His Chosen ones), soon after His master plan for redemption of the Gentiles (the world) is completed. This is so, that men may not fall prey to pride, and that what has been obtained was the work of grace and not their doing. Human beings the way they are, so easily get prone to aggrandizing themselves or staking claims on success – both material and spiritual. We often fail to glorify the invisible Hands of God behind every achievement, or situation in life. There are some among us, who magnify people, or relationships/networking skills as key factors to success in life, some hold fast to perseverance, hard work, and determination as attributable to progress…But the truth remains that each of these was inspired by grace. Had it not been for the mercy and works of the Lord for us, none of these would have transpired to our advantage. What God’s Word teaches us today is to be thankful to the Lord, to be able to honor Him by our every word and deed, and to pray for His unfailing presence in our lives. We have a God who does everything to make us delightful so that we may call Him ‘Father’ and proclaim His greatness to the world around us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
