---
title: "‘Wisdom gave speech to those who"
date: "2025-10-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Wisdom gave speech to those who could not speak; she even caused babies to speak clearly’ (Wisdom 10:21)

---

### Reflection

What was impossible all the while in our lives will be made possible by the work of the Lord. And today’s Word inspires us to pray for the things we have long forgotten of, those put on the back burner on account of their non-feasibility or because we had to wrestle with greater priorities at that time in life. It was Jesus, the fullness of all wisdom, who gives power to mortals to fulfill tasks in life. Contrary to what we may think that it was due to our remarkable planning, foresight, and hard work that things were fulfilled much ahead of time and beyond our expectations. This is the reason why we go about commenting, judging, and despising those who failed to get things running or fulfill certain tasks that we achieved just in a jiffy. Moses, the stutterer was chosen to speak on behalf of God’s people, to lead them out of slavery and on to the land promised to them, not that there weren’t any who were eloquent among the people of God. Likewise, when the works of the Lord begin to manifest in our lives, we who were till then mute and inept would gain courage and conviction to proclaim to the world God’s miracles and works of mercy in our life. If you have ever been so desperate unable to explain or express yourself before the crowds because of the many failures and tribulations in life; take heed, it is God who will fight for you today, to see you growing taller, smarter, and louder. Let us pray, Lord Jesus, make me a tower of your glory today, help me to glorify you through the events and situations in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
