---
title: "‘Thus says the Lord, your Redeemer,"
date: "2025-06-15"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Thus says the Lord, your Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel: ‘I am the Lord your God, who teaches you to profit, who leads you in the way you should go’ (Isaiah 48:17)

---

### Reflection

It is the Lord who whispers to our ears, imprints in our hearts this message of truth – that You and I have been all these days carved in the Mighty Hands of the Lord. He who knows our boundaries, our weaknesses, our limits, set us on the broad path that we may smoothly tread our journey in our predestined paths. There might have been decisive junctions, those confusing mazes in everyone’s life, but it was the Lord who brought us to these crossroads, so that we might relent and seek His advise of where and how. It was He who trained us, equipped us, and facilitated the changes we direly needed in life to transform into the one we were called to be. Even those times when we believed all was lost, He opened new paths for our revival, and because of His great compassion for us, we moved on through turbulent seas and fires unaffected. Moses the Leader of the Old Testament perceived God’s power and unfailing love in the burning bush on Mount Horeb. Joshua heard God’s words that strengthened Him to win every battle for the people and lead them to the promised land. And today the Lord speaks to you and me, wishing to console, comfort, and elevate us from the strongholds of the enemy that has confined us, to look on Him alone, the pioneer of our faith, and to make a bold decision ahead in life. The assurance He gives is our past successes, and that we are called to triumph over all that poses an obstacle in our present by the power of His Holy name. May the Spirit of Jesus prompt us to action through faith. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
