---
title: "‘For whatever was written in former"
date: "2025-12-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For whatever was written in former days was written for our instruction, that through endurance and through the encouragement of the Scriptures we might have hope’ (Romans 15:4)

---

### Reflection

The fundamental virtues of faith, hope, and charity emanate from God, and indeed from Him springs the quintessential values of endurance and encouragement. God, who spoke through the prophets in older days, now speaks through His Son Jesus. Anyone who reads through the Scriptures discerns God’s will and His way – Jesus Christ. The Bible teaches us that this Jesus was ‘the Word’ that was with the Father from the time of Creation, who sustains the Universe, and reclaimed all humanity from their sinfulness by His incarnation in the flesh. Jesus Christ is the same today, yesterday, and forever. Therefore, whatever was written in former days was meant for our instruction to this day (as well) – their context and depiction may at times seem different. But their intent can never change – by endurance and encouragement we progress in hope – the hope of a resurrection like that of Christ from all that is dead, from the culture of death, and to a likeness and imitation of Jesus himself. And when Jesus breathed His last on the Cross, He forgave His persecutors, to fulfill what was once told by the prophets – The reproaches of those who reproached you, fell on me. We who are strong, are likewise called to bear with those weak, and not merely please ourselves. Let this be the exercise for us this Sunday. Fill me with power, Holy Spirit. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
