---
title: "‘I will make you majestic forever,"
date: "2025-01-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will make you majestic forever, a joy from age to age’ (Isaiah 60:15)

---

### Reflection

If trouble and grief have been (for quite some time) your companions and compatriots in life’s journey, you have every reason for hope. Your hope comes from the Lord Jesus, in whom you were chosen for Eternal glory and after this ordeal of suffering is completed, you will be perfected and established into the new paradigm ‘You’ that He had envisioned before the foundations of creation. This is the promise that the Lord wishes to enlighten you with today. No matter how grim your situations have been for years, ‘lacklustre’, disenchanting, and despised by men, He has taken control to intervene, supplant, restore, and revive you more than you would ever have expected. He would make you majestic forever, the cause of joy for generations, ‘You’ who were subject to gross injustice, and made the laughing stock in town, Jesus uplifts you to enjoy His unfailing grace. Thus He says, to all those who patiently endure through Him, that they would never perish, they would be given eternal life, and none could ever snatch them away from His mighty Hands. It is no man who has assured us this blessing, but God, our Lord Jesus, who wields authority over everything under Heaven and Earth through His majestic conquering of death. Give praise to the Lord and thank Him for His powerful message, Let hope germinate in every mind and heart that trusts the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
