---
title: "'Your Father knows what you need"
date: "2025-02-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> 'Your Father knows what you need before you ask Him' (Matthew 6:8)

---

### Reflection

Our Heavenly Father knows it all, the cares of our life, our needs - physical, spiritual and emotional, our strengths, the very things that disturb us, and even the fact that our beings are dependant on Him for wellbeing. But to cause us to be aware of this fact is an effort in itself. In our love for ourselves, we tend to be introverts, withdrawing into the hollowness of our security, safety, comfort and so on, that hardly do we spare time and space in our minds for God and His Kingdom. That we were created to know Him and love Him, is often an ignored fact. God initiates this realisation in us that without Him we would be helpless, just to prevent us from straying away from Him( source of our strength)and being lured into the world and its enticements. What could be easier than the dangers of getting lost and wounded in the cares of this world - this our Lord understands. With compassion He awaits for us to call Him, seek support, ask Him to intervene in our daily life.  Not that He doesn't know what we need, but that we do not know about what would satisfy us, the risks that lie on our path, the trials that await our fall...We are called to reach out to our Father in Heaven for His Holy Spirit to take control of our lives, to follow after God's will and purpose about us and to be successful. Thankyou Lord for your goodness and mercies, all that you have given me to this day. Lead kindly Light. 
Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
