---
title: "‘Then hear from Heaven your dwelling"
date: "2025-04-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Then hear from Heaven your dwelling place and forgive and render to each whose heart you know, according to all his ways, for you, You only, know the hearts of the children of mankind’ (2 Chronicles 6:30)

---

### Reflection

‘Heaven’ is God’s dwelling place – we must proclaim, so that our hearts may be filled with reverential love for God, who is above all. That we are mere mortals is what proceeds immediately when we give God His place and men theirs. Solomon, the second king of Israel built the great temple of Jerusalem and dedicated it as ‘the prayer house for all mankind.’ During the ceremony of consecration of the temple, Solomon made a long prayer on behalf of himself and for the people, before the Most High. He began this invocation by asking if God would dwell with men on earth, and if so this temple was symbolic of God’s dwelling among mankind. Indirectly to You and me, it would mean that in us, in the temple of our bodies, is the dwelling place of the Most High. A God who is omniscient and whose glory overwhelms that even the Highest Heavens cannot contain Him, willingly desires to live and work within You and me. He forgives our iniquities, trespasses, and faults, every time we kneel before His majesty and accept our sinfulness. To all He opens up His store of blessings, and each will be rewarded according to His deeds, as it is the Lord alone who knows the hearts of all flesh. But we must plead with Him that His mercy may overrun His justice, for if according to our deeds, we were to be recompensed, it may be likely that we would hardly earn anything. Thus to the Lord who reigns most High, who knows everything, who destines our goodness, let us humble ourselves, ask for the grace of forgiving ourselves and others, to be able to do justice to His call for us. May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart always be acceptable to You Jesus, my Lord and Master. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
