---
title: "‘The virgin will conceive and give"
date: "2025-12-18"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The virgin will conceive and give birth to a son, and they will call him Immanuel (which means ‘God with us’)

---

### Reflection

’ [Matthew 1:23]

The prophecy Isaiah made (700 years before the coming of Jesus) in Isaiah 7:14 was quoted as having been fulfilled in Matthew’s narration about the birth of Jesus. This sign, of a virgin giving birth to a son, was of great significance when given to Ahaz, the King of Judah. God sent his prophet to the king (wavering in faith) to reassure him of His presence, concern, and protection for Judah (against attacks from its powerful neighbors). The symbolism of ‘the virgin’ would refer to an extraordinary intervention from above, not one that was of human design or innovativeness. Even today, God intervenes in our lives in the most unexpected ways and through the most unimagined of persons. But one thing is essential for us to see this occur in our lives – the audacity to accept and testify to all that God is with us – Immanuel. When our hearts affirm with love, and our tongues speak the name of Jesus, that He is with us, the prophecy of Isaiah becomes reinforced in our lives as well. Jesus is incarnated in the flesh (in our midst) again with His Divine and human nature. Every Eucharist replays these mysteries of Incarnation, nativity, passion, death, and resurrection of Jesus, and as we partake with love and devotion, we walk with Jesus, become transformed into Him, and it is He who lives with us. What occurred to the people of Judah, would recur in our lives then – the extraordinary intervention of God into the darkest recesses of our hearts, minds, the purification of our souls. The power we obtain is ‘unimaginable’, as what rescued King Ahaz; though he was sinking in faith, a worldly man, one who upheld human strength and tact over Godly supremacy. May Immanuel strengthen you as well, make us worthy of receiving the Word made flesh in our lives. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
