---
title: "‘Because into a soul that plots"
date: "2025-11-10"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Because into a soul that plots evil, wisdom does not enter, nor does she dwell in a body under debt of sin’ (Wisdom 1:4)

---

### Reflection

We who wait for the Lord; we who receive Him in the Eucharist daily; to us, the Holy Spirit asks for an introspection – Do we approach the Lord with a lowly heart? Do we admit the various sins we have knowingly or unknowingly committed? Do we justify ourselves as the ‘Pharisee’ in the parable of ‘the Pharisee and tax collector’ who prayed in the temple? Do we still nurture in our minds ill-will and hate feelings towards people around us? Have we tried to empathize with the other instead of judging and condemning based on our limited understanding of what he/she is going through in life? Have our thoughts often led us to win over, to subject another, or disrupt the peace the other person struggled to obtain? Still many, we have committed, yet without remorse we continued the way we are, the path we treaded, because we thought little of God’s greatness and of His mercy. That His mercy and patience were for us a second chance to set right the things that weren’t that way, to plead for forgiveness for all the disorientation/chaos in the lives of many because of our carelessness. For Jesus to come into our hearts, the first step is to make reparation for all that has occurred, all that wasn’t pleasing to Him, and all that disrupted peace in the lives of many. Jesus, the Wisdom from above, enlighten and open the eyes of our hearts that we may see, feel, and act as you would. Come Lord Jesus, come. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
