---
title: "‘Why don’t you judge for yourselves"
date: "2025-10-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Why don’t you judge for yourselves what is right?’ (Luke 12:57)

---

### Reflection

‘Do you not know that you and I have died to the Law through the Body of Christ, so that we may belong to Him, who was raised from the dead, that we may bear fruit’, St Paul reminds us of why Jesus asked His disciples the question of right judgment. For discernment of right from wrong, we must ask of the Lord, that our choices may align with the tenets of His kingdom. King Solomon was regarded wise because he asked for this capability – for the gift of discernment and right judgment. Not only did God bless Him abundantly with wisdom, but also with peace in his kingdom that followed righteousness. At times, we yearn for peace in our walks of life – homes, institutions, communities, societies, and the world at large. It is God who gives peace and the Bible reminds us that Jesus is our peace, the One who broke all barriers of division and reconciled entire mankind to the Heavenly Father through His sacrifice of self. Now than ever more, the world dreads and mourns conflicts, wars, and their after effects on human development. The Lord comes and asks each one of us – why don’t you judge for yourselves what is right? If only we had the audacity to submit to His will, to humbly ask to be led by His Spirit, how much would we be contributing to righteousness, to peace, and to God’s dream for humanity. Towards respect, dignity of self, uprightness of the mind and spirit, towards humaneness, we have been called to co-create, not add to the hate, rebellion, and turmoil, that poses hazards to our every existence. Lord Jesus, open the eyes of our hearts to see what you envision about us, to hear the voice of Your Spirit in us, and to be your messengers of hope in the world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
