---
title: "‘If anyone sees his brother committing"
date: "2025-09-22"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If anyone sees his brother committing a sin not leading to death, he shall ask, and God will give him life – to those who commit sins that do not lead to death……All wrongdoing is sin….’ (1 John 5:16,17)

---

### Reflection

God’s Spirit emboldens us to approach Jesus in prayer, with all our petitions, concerns, worries, and supplications. It is His intervention that matters more than human concerns or the ways of the world. For God knows and wills that all must be saved in Jesus Christ and come to the fullest of knowledge through Him. Every reconciliation takes place because of Jesus and in His name. The world that was dead in sin was reclaimed and reconciled to the Father through Jesus. Thus, we must believe that all that is disarrayed, disoriented, and unpleasant in our lives today is but God’s invitation, and His desire to engage for our behalf. God’s love is beyond (ordinary) human cognition; it is towards this understanding that we draw closer to each time when our plans and calculations break down without any standby. Many a times, in life, we believed in mediation and the power of words – but when Jesus comes, His Spirit works in ways marvelous and unimaginable than what we have ever asked or thought of, bringing to fruition everything that was till then impossible. Prayer reconnects, revives, restores, and rebuilds all that was lost, tampered, and derailed on the way. No other human tasks equate to prayer; and it is here that the Holy Spirit compels us to invest more time. Let us pray for ourselves, for others - For those in sin, that God’s light may enlighten their minds prompting them to repentance. This is God’s will for us and we have this confidence (like St John) that whatever we ask according to His will, He will surely grant us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
