---
title: "‘Who is He that overcomes the"
date: "2025-01-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Who is He that overcomes the world? Only the One who believes that Jesus is the Son of God’ (1 John 5:5)

---

### Reflection

To You and me who believe in Jesus, the Messiah of the world, the One sent by God, the Father, manifold blessings await us. St John the Evangelist lists the privileges that behold believers in his first letter. Firstly, only those who believe in Jesus transform into the children of God. It is the Spirit of God that induces in them this urge to believe and proclaim Jesus as Lord. Thus all who acclaim Jesus are from God and by this is made known to all the Spirit that dwells in one – either the Spirit of Truth or the Spirit of Error. Secondly, if You and I are of God, we will obey His commandment. His commandment to us is to love – Because He loved us and became an expiation for our sins, we are pressed to follow Him and love one another. In love a multitude of sins are forgiven, so here comes the third blessing we inherit – of forgiveness of sins and trespasses. Since all have fallen short of grace, as the Bible teaches us, we need this assurance that our sins are forgiven and this is obtained in Jesus Christ, who became a sacrifice once and for all. Fourthly, the One in Jesus would turn into a conqueror, even with all his frailties and shortcomings as a believer. In every odd and oddity of life, the love of Jesus emboldens us with the hope, poured into our hearts by His Spirit in us. In Jesus, we have everything – every promise, every desire deep within accomplished, because we walk with a God who cares for us. Ask the Lord today, with faith and love of those things you have long forgotten and buried as impossible, He will manifest His glory for you, He will make all these possible, to make you a staunch witness and powerhouse to this world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
