---
title: "‘Blessed are those who hunger and"
date: "2025-03-13"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled’ (Matthew 5:6)

---

### Reflection

All who hunger for righteousness – those who dedicate their lives to honor God’s Word and His commandments, will be filled. Being filled with the grace of sufficiency in all that they desire in life - one can interpret the blessing that accompanies the righteous one. God wants us to understand more on what righteousness really means. Since all have fallen short of grace and have sinned (The Bible tells us), it would be an anomaly to search for the righteous in a race that has been enslaved to sin. The Mercy of God was revealed to us in this, that though we were unworthy of Eternity, He sent His Son, Jesus in our form so that we could be embraced and upheld into the realm of righteousness through Jesus. Therefore, the Holy Spirit enlightens us to this profound understanding that all who hunger and thirst for the Lord Jesus, for His Salvation, for the grab of righteousness that He wraps all with, with His precious blood shed at Calvary, are made eligible to approach the Father of all who dwells in unapproachable Light. He will protect them, provide for their needs, and satisfy them all through their life. You and I are called to this esteemed position, this glory of the Heavens, to be with Jesus Christ our Lord, to be seated in the magnificent places of the Heavens as children of God, to reflect the righteousness of God through our very lives. Lord Jesus, we hunger and thirst for You, the righteousness that all we need to be renewed, restored, and revived with your resurrected power manifesting in our ordinary lives. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
