---
title: "‘Who can speak and have it"
date: "2025-01-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Who can speak and have it happen if the Lord has not decreed it? Is it not from the mouth of the Most High that both calamities and good things come?’ (Lamentations 3:37,38)

---

### Reflection

No one is cast off by the Lord forever. Though there may have been periods of grief and affliction in life (the yoke) that every man is called to bear as the consequence of original sin, we are called to wait patiently for the works of the Most High. He, the Lord will never permit grief, or humiliation in one’s life, without a definite plan for revival or a better start. The Word of God explains that denial of justice, condemnation of those helpless, or denying people of their legitimate rights, is never in his plan, or would never be encouraged by Him. We have a God who stands beside the weak, the orphan, the helpless, and the obscure. None can claim to take God’s position in dictating norms on another like him, for situations and experiences in life are sign boards to teach us the vulnerability of our lives. Therefore, what the Lord tells us to do is to examine our own ways, and to test them within the crucible of compassion and love; to lift up our hearts and hands to God in perfect trust and humility, always acknowledging that the love of the Lord is great, His compassion never ends. It is new each day and great is His faithfulness to us – A reminder of being compassionate to those in need, just as we have received from above freely. Great is your faithfulness, O Lord, I thank and praise you for this new day and all the surprises it would bring into my life today. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
