---
title: "‘My goal is that they may"
date: "2025-02-05"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘My goal is that they may be encouraged in heart and united in love, so that they may have the full riches of complete understanding, so that they may know the mystery of God, namely, Christ’ (Colossians 2:2)

---

### Reflection

The Early Christian believers were united in one goal and this we read from the Letter of St Paul to the Colossians – to be filled with God’s love and His wisdom. It is from this that we obtain the strength to overcome tribulations, the deceptions from culture, human traditions, and elemental forces of this world, that seed in us doubtfulness and deviate our understanding from the Spirit of truth. In Christ is perfection, He being the head over every power and authority. And we who through Baptism have been partakers to a death similar to His, have every reason to share in His resurrection – the fruits of His Salvation. This is the great mystery of God, that He desires we must remember wholeheartedly to be thankful to Him in word and deed. We have received deliverance, healing, and ‘all’ of the Messianic gifts in Christ Jesus, so that going forward, we live a life of light before the world. So each day is a new opportunity to be filled with the unfailing love of God, His mercies, the wisdom that comes from Jesus, that renews our lives, teaching us to dwell in the realm of the Divine, to let go base compulsions of the world. Let us surrender our hearts and Spirits to be governed by the love of the Lord and His wisdom, today and ever. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
