---
title: "‘You did not choose me, but"
date: "2025-05-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you’ (John 15:16)

---

### Reflection

It was in God’s master plan that we were created, each unique with definite characteristic traits, put into different life situations/contexts, and called to bloom in a land that became our homes. When God decided everything for us, we are assured that He meant it for our good; for who else could have known the most minute details of our lives as He did. Those concerns, burdens, and struggles we go about each day in bringing to fruition our daily chores, He sees and appreciates so greatly, that which none other may discern. Standing firm to our call, He expects us to be blameless, holy, and fruitful in all that we engage in. When the ways of the world are to gratify the delight of the eyes, the pride of riches, and luxury, Jesus asks us to be blameless, holy, and fruitful – to be like Him. Every task Jesus did while on earth was with the connivance and consent of His Father. None in history could have claimed victory in fulfilling His purpose of life, as Jesus did. This is the fruitfulness that the Spirit of Jesus prepares us for each day - to please the Father, to seek His will about us, and to work for His purpose on earth. Let us pray for this Spirit of God to hover over us, our tasks, our beliefs, attitudes, words, and actions; that filled with Him, we may be yet another Christ. May all that you wish to accomplish this day turn fruitful because of the love of Jesus that works and intercedes for you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
