---
title: "‘And they shall live, and to"
date: "2025-01-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And they shall live, and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba: And men shall pray for him continually; They shall bless him all the day long’ (Psalm 72:15)

---

### Reflection

Psalm 72 is a hymn of Coronation for the King – a prayer offered on behalf of the King, that the kingdom may prosper by his efforts, and that welfare and justice to all may be secured. We pray this Psalm in its spirit for all those who have been entrusted authority on earth – on rulers, bureaucrats, leaders of institutions and families, that the Holy Spirit may wrap them with power to do their best for those subject to them and may fill their hearts with love and compassion. Again, this prayer is meant for You and me, all mankind, that in Jesus, we shall live, be enriched spiritually and materially by His provision for us, and be the cause of blessing to many around us. You and I are a royal race, saved and redeemed by the precious blood of the Son of God, Jesus. We are a priestly people, who are obliged to offer our prayers and supplication for all those whom the Lord brings to us. We are God’s children, co-heirs with Jesus, and entitled to every blessing that our Heavenly Father has promised to those who obey Him and believe in Jesus. We are empowered to thwart from us all that has not been sowed by the Father, all that the world has caused us to germinate and produce. Let us pray for the grace to renounce the weeds planted by the world – weeds of disbelief, despair, pain, sorrow, sickness, impulsiveness, and all depravities, through calling upon the Holy name of Jesus. Let us bank on the promise of Psalm 72:15 for life in abundance, for richness, possessions, proximity with the Lord, and love for all men. Lord, possess my heart, perspectives, and beliefs to honor You always, and to transform into your image to be a blessing to many. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
