---
title: "‘Simon Peter answered Him ‘Lord to"
date: "2025-05-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Simon Peter answered Him ‘Lord to whom shall we go? You have the words of Eternal life, and we have believed and have come to know that You are the Holy One of God’ (John 6:68,69)

---

### Reflection

In the wake of all uncertainties, recessionary trends, financial distresses, and wars, You and I would also need to speak to the Lord in the words of Simon Peter. It was not that Simon and the rest of Jesus’s disciples understood fully what the Lord was teaching them in the Synagogue at Capernaum, but they were convinced that Jesus who came from the Father was their only source of strength and refuge. The disciples who were ordinary men were taught by the Lord, of things that were above, of mysteries of the Heavenly kingdom, that which was till then unknown to the world. And even today these seem anathema to those who fail to accept Jesus as their Lord and Master. What we have been called to meditate upon is ‘the Divinity of Jesus’ – Jesus who donned the nature of humanity while at the same time being God Himself (The Word). Having been entrusted the Salvation of mankind, according to the plan of His Father, Jesus assumed human form to take us to the realm of the Divine. Jesus unveiled to us mortals the face of the Father – love, mercy, and goodwill for mankind. He is our peace, who brought us into talking terms with the Father (which was lost since the fall of Adam). He is the wisdom that existed beside His Father like a Master workman by whom all things came into being, and for whom all things were created and now made subject to. The Fullness of authority, knowledge, deliverance, healing, and Eternal life is Jesus and therefore, You and I are to plead before Him, before His Throne of Mercy for reparation of not just ourselves, but for those around, for the plagues that have gripped the human race because of man’s faithlessness. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
