---
title: "‘Therefore says the Lord who redeemed"
date: "2025-09-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore says the Lord who redeemed Abraham, concerning the House of Jacob: Jacob shall no more be ashamed, no more shall his face grow pale’ (Isaiah 29:22)

---

### Reflection

The greatest promise made to the Chosen race was the one given to Jacob: that he shall no more be ashamed, his face shall no more grow pale (be disappointed). And this has been reiterated several times to God’s people through the prophets – an exhaustive bounty (material, spiritual, and eternal). What brought Jacob this blessing was not his tactfulness – In fact, Jacob was deprived of enjoying the fruits of the promise for as long as 21 years because of his deceptiveness. The will of God, Jacob’s humility to receive from God, his seeking after God for a decisive intervention in life – were those factors that gave him predominance in the heart of God (to be worthy of the promise given to Abraham). God’s promises are eternal and never revocable. For You and me, He opens His heart, and desires that we cherish these blessings. But one’s disposition of the mind (heart) will qualify him/her eligible to inherit the promises. Truly, Jacob shall no more be ashamed and no more shall his countenance fail, so long as he lives in the true Light – Jesus. For us this Sunday, the Holy Spirit opens the floodgates of Heaven to choose and claim as sons of the Kingdom. Help us Lord to be worthy of all that You have given to us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
