---
title: "‘The voice of your watchmen –"
date: "2025-05-25"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The voice of your watchmen – they lift up their voice; together they sing for joy; for eye to eye they see the return of the Lord to Zion’ (Isaiah 52:8)

---

### Reflection

It took me some time to comprehend the meaning of watchmen in this verse from the Lord. The Spirit of God tells us that You and I are called to take up the role of watchmen or sentinels. To be the proclaimers of ‘good news’ to those around us, those looming in the dark, those who need support to be revived/ to be filled with God’s mercy. Isaiah took up this role; he kept reminding the forlorn people that it was no more doomsday for them, but hope, restoration, revival, and glory once again that awaited them. He continued this prophesy of ‘hope’ and ‘joy’ when he reminded them that ‘behold, Jerusalem, I have set sentinels around you, who never sleep or slumber, who lift up their voices of prayer for your behalf, before the Mighty One. We sometimes sympathise with ourselves saying that we have no one to pray for us, to listen or understand us. This is not true; the Lord God reminds us today – Around you is a host of sentinels who keep communicating with the Most High all day long for you and me, to remind the Lord of His great promises for His beloved ones – you and me. This is the silver lining for you and me, that no matter how much we feel lost, abandoned or disheartened, we have this multitude of hosts who intercede for us, the saints, the martyrs, and even the Queen of all Angels – Mary. The reality is even more promising, it is the Lord Jesus, Himself who intercedes for our mercy before His Father. Thus, we must affirm ourselves in faith, by thanking the Lord for His salvation, and also because of this revelation of His compassion, love, and unfailing presence before us. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
