---
title: "The Cross: An expression of love that heals all wounds"
date: 2026-04-09
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Hatred stirs up conflict, but love covers all wrongs’ 
> **[Proverbs 10:12]**

---

### Reflection

The Cross of Christ is to us a great revelation. The multitude of sins of all mankind is what led Jesus to be nailed to the Cross, while at the same time, it (the crucifix) expresses the magnitude of love God demonstrated to save and redeem all mankind. It is the latter that Jesus tried to teach all men, that God is all mercy and compassion.

The mission of God was to extend His mercy and saving grace to a wretched mankind, so that those who were recipients of this inexpressible mercy would reciprocate the same to others (those unaware of the message of the Cross). You and I have been called, sanctified, and prepared to take on this mission of God to the world. The world repeats, reenacts, and propagates its vices of selfishness and pride. Through all the discoveries, innovations, and developments it has attained over the course of time, be it unbridled Cyber-connectedness, media outreach, and advancements of the sort, memories of the past, hurts and wounds of the past, the wrongs of history, and inadequacies of races and nations have been made explicit and known to all. 

However, Jesus teaches us that there are wounds of the past that are to be long forgotten (not justified), but forsaken or covered up for greater good to transpire for the future. Just as the Cross covered up the sins of mankind and offered it for the redemption and liberation of mankind, there are those higher ideals/goals that build up people (families, communities, and society) which need to take precedence over petty wrongs, iniquities, and hurts of the past. It is only then that, we grow/elevate ourselves into a sense of our true purpose, even when things or situations seem alarmingly unjust, or hostile for the moment. It is never time, but love that heals wounds, makes compromises, and sacrifices for miracles of God to unravel in life. May you be that channel of love that alternates for the wrongs of many. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**