---
title: "‘I will incline my ear to"
date: "2026-01-28"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I will incline my ear to a proverb; I will solve my riddle to the music of the lyre’ [Psalm 49:4]

---

### Reflection

The truth is always like a proverb, ‘a riddle’ that is to be solved by effort. What the intellect may persuade us to accept may not always be the absolute truth. A blend of wisdom, intuition, a meditation on thoughts and experiences of life, and an open heart (the ear that inclines to listen) - all these have their proportioned contributions to help decipher the riddle of life. I would then calm my spirit, not to fret and fear because of the things that surround me – the wickedness and iniquity of men, the pride of wealth, pomp and splendour devoid of understanding. None of these has permanence; none of these would suffice as a ransom to God for the gift of life. Both low and high, rich and poor, wise and foolish, all have the same fate – tombs will remain their houses forever, though many of them have named lands after themselves. Not to say that building a future or a name for oneself is guilt and sin. How could God who created man to rule over the world with justice, cause him to perish like any other creation of his? But in his fallen understanding, man gave glory to what he was blessed with more than to the One who blessed him. Therefore, his ambition became unruly, unhealthy, sufficing only to dominate, than to support the weak and the least. On this point, the Spirit of God calls us towards repentance – that deprived of love, compassion, mercy, and gentleness, any man in his pomp will perish like any other beast of the earth. With the psalmist, let us also praise and thank God for his revelation (to us) of this riddle of life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
