---
title: "‘To Trust in the Lord"
date: "2026-04-07"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Commit your way to the Lord. Trust in Him, and he will act’
**[Psalm 37:5]**

---

### Reflection

At times, we hand over the outward struggles of life (only) to God, accepting before Him that we are unable to keep moving on. We continue trying all ways in the same direction to set things right, and the truth is that things may never seem to have changed. By outward struggles, we mean the pain, anxiety, worries, hardships, or hindrances we faced when doing things or settling matters. But Jesus asks us to entrust our direction, goals, dreams, and motivation also to Him, because in the world we live, relationships, people, and possessions we may have (currently) may in no way understand who we are or what we truly need/stand for. It is He, our Creator, who can build (from nowhere), cause into existence from nothingness, the desires of our hearts. The psalmist thus exhorts all believers to firstly ‘delight’ in the Lord, who would work for our cause, and then to open up to Him the cries of our hearts. What are those possible cries of our hearts? Is it not that justice is seemingly delayed, our prayers unanswered all the while, situations and opportunities lucrative to the wicked, while toil and tears for the innocent? These are bound to arise in a world so full of imperfection. But here is the twist – to trust in Him, which means – no matter how things may seem invisible or uncertain to us now, there is a God behind them (the one who established the world and its order), working behind the scenes all night and day to set the stage for a new phase to unravel in our lives. He knows well the tweaks needed in the otherwise unexciting trail of normal living, to get things to the best. Commit your way to the Lord, trust in Him and He will act for you, this is His promise for you and me. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
