---
title: "‘The Kingdom of God is as"
date: "2026-01-30"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Kingdom of God is as if a man should scatter seed on the ground. He sleeps and rises night and day, and the seed sprouts and grows; he knows not how’ [Mark 4:26-27]

---

### Reflection

Jesus was speaking to his disciples, inviting them to partake in the Kingdom of God. And for this, (to be members of the household of God) the Word must first be sown. As are seeds scattered by the farmer in the field, so must God’s Word and His will be propagated, adhered to, obeyed, and accepted by our hearts. Both the proclaimer of the Word and the listener are alike, unaware of what may occur as the Word sinks deep within them. It is thus said that the sower then takes his leave, sleeps and awaits night and day, till the grain is ripe, fully grown and ready for the harvest. It is God who works behind the scenes to ensure the seed sprouts and grows into a plentiful harvest. Though in the outset of things, the farmer who has sown the seeds is unable to see anything happen, things have been set into ‘moulding’ to fit into God’s plan for our greater goodness. The farmer doesn’t need to check beneath the ground, to ensure himself if anything is really happening. Because he knows that what he could do has been done, and beyond this, there can be nothing else done from his side. So must we believe, that when God’s Word is spoken, read, meditated, recited, and proclaimed, what we ought to do is done. What would transpire after is something that God promises to do. Let us therefore, humbly receive God’s Word, Sure, there is a great harvest that is coming for us. When God gives he gives abundantly and therefore, You and I could reap possible benefits of the work of many others too. Believe and receive in Jesus name. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
