---
title: "‘I am the voice of one"
date: "2026-01-02"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I am the voice of one calling in the wilderness, Make straight the way for the Lord’ [John 1:23]

---

### Reflection

The Bible speaks to us the truth that ‘God is love’. All through history, God, who is rich in mercy, sent His messengers among mankind to open their hearts to love and acknowledge His way. Through the words of St John the Baptiser, God spoke. He revealed to His people the mystery that was hidden for ages and now to be unveiled to them. That the Word would become flesh and live with them. All they were called to do was to walk towards obedience that comes from faith. Yet another day, today, the Lord has given us, that we may heed to Him, accept His Word, and live a life of faithfulness. And still, the Eternal God keeps reminding us ‘the truth’ of our destiny in Jesus Christ. In Him, we have fullness of life and an inheritance to Eternity. No more are we obliged to the world and its benchmarks, as in Jesus, we have become the household of God. This reminder is whispered to us each moment in time by the Spirit of God, by which we have been sealed for the day of redemption. Through the voices of many people in our lives, God continues to remind us of this truth, that we make straight the way for the Lord. Not just that, He also opens another dimension of His calling to you and me – You and I are called, set apart, and destined to be the voice in the wilderness, exhorting the people given in our lives, to make straight the way for the Lord. Jesus desires to intervene in your life today – Make way for Him by obeying His Word and loving Him. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
