---
title: "‘….I will remain and continue with"
date: "2026-01-08"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘….I will remain and continue with you all, for your progress and joy in faith’ [Philippians 1:25]

---

### Reflection

Let this be our tagline, our resolution for this year, 2026 – for progress and joy in faith of many. Keeping in mind the understanding that we are all imperfect human beings in one way or other. Therefore, let us learn to accept each other the way we are, bearing with the weaknesses of those with us, and strengthening them when they fall. What honours man before God and men, let us imbibe and activate - humility and meekness. The mind of Christ Jesus, we are asked to assimilate in ourselves – being God, He humbled Himself to serve, to become man, not claiming equality with God, thus HE was exalted, a name above all. To carry the weight of this glory in us, we would likewise need to be emptied, weightless. When this Spirit of God sets into our lives, we obtain the freedom – the will and courage to think for ourselves, and beyond. This may in its course bring forth exclusions, experiences of being uninvited, of being rejected and discounted by many around, but these are all the work of the Lord in our making, to ensure that we remain focused on our purpose and destiny. Lord Jesus, help me stay on to what you expect of me in life; Wipe away all distractions (emotional, physical, or psychological) that may slow and delay me. Show me your will and lead me by your path. I pray for faithfulness and generosity to fill my heart. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
