---
title: "‘In faithfulness, he will bring forth"
date: "2026-01-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘In faithfulness, he will bring forth justice; he will not falter or be discouraged till he establishes justice on earth. In his teachings, the islands will put their hope’ [Isaiah 42:3-4]

---

### Reflection

When iniquity piled up and distorted the face of the earth, God regretted his plan of having created mankind. Though moulded in the image and likeness of God to live as His reflection on the earth, man succumbed to his concupiscence, and all what was in his heart was vile and wickedness. Man found disfavour in God’s sight because of his lack of faithfulness and integrity, his inability to admit his mistakes, to repent or set right his wrong ways or to make reparation for sins. Thus, He sent His son, in the image of man, to teach men what was most endearing to God. The Messiah was an extraordinary man because he was faithful to the core. What was denied to mankind because of their sinfulness, ‘justice’ was brought forth by the Messiah. It was the mission of the Messiah to restore mankind to their righteousness before God and man. He was born (Servant of the Lord) to uplift the poor, downtrodden, the discouraged, the outcasts and marginalised, and more than all to open a sky of hope to the Islands, the lands in the dark. He would not refrain from completing His works till justice was established and affirmed on the earth. If you and I are disappointed or disturbed owing to life’s twists and turns, let not disbelief take over us, but let us with increased faith, call the Lord Jesus, the Messiah, asking Him for restoration, peace and justice. He knows the way for He is the way. Wishing you a blessed Sunday. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
