---
title: "‘And David knew that the Lord"
date: "2026-01-27"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And David knew that the Lord had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kingdom for the sake of his people Israel’ [2 Samuel 5:12]

---

### Reflection

It is this realization that David had, which made him stronger and more eager to pursue God’s will. David’s coronation as King over Israel was not something that happened soon after his anointing. Even after the death of King Saul and his sons at the Battle of Gilboa, warring continued between the Houses of Saul and of David for many years (Abner, the commander in chief of Saul’s army, continued the fight after reinstating Esh-bosheth, the surviving son of Saul as King over Israel). David was merely crowned the King of Judah by the elders at that time, and so most of his initial years of reigning over Hebron were marred by conflict, opposition, and deceit from the Israelite territory. However, none of these deterred his spirit of righteousness before God, before the men he served, and even before men of significance in the House of Saul (David’s respect for Abner, a good example). This was probably what pushed through (fast-tracked) David’s coronation. For us, this serves well set a precedent - when at times, we struggle for years fighting challenges, difficulties, and adversities one after another – to be ourselves steadfast and headstrong in integrity and righteousness, with the hope that one day the Lord will establish us to where we belong to. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
