---
title: "‘I have set before you life"
date: "2026-02-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I have set before you life and death, blessing and curse. Therefore, choose life, that you and your offspring may live, loving the Lord your God, obeying His voice and holding fast to Him, for He is your life and length of days, that you may dwell in the land that the Lord swore to your fathers, to Abraham, to Issac, and to Jacob, to give him.’[Deuteronomy 30:19,20]

---

### Reflection

Today, our Lord Jesus invites us not merely to choose life that has repercussions for generations, but also explains to us what ‘life’ signifies and what we must do to earn it. The choice of life is the junction or prerequisite for obtaining God’s promises. All God’s promises are yes in Jesus Christ. Therefore, ‘the land promised to our fathers’ would imply abundance and prosperity in the material parlance; and if we were to (spiritually) connotate for it, it would mean ‘Eternal life’. Now let us closely examine what it takes to choose life – (1) to love the Lord; (2) to obey His voice (His Word); and (3) to cleave on to Him (no matter how difficult and humiliating our situations can be).  He is our life, and the length of our days would in turn refer to the foundation of our faith in Jesus, who is our way, our truth, and our life. There can be no life, no sustenance, no hope, no joy, or any consolation beyond Him and without Him. Whoever you are, whatever you are called to do, your blessing and life is dependent upon Jesus. Whomever the Lord recognizes as His Beloved, He forgives their sins and transgressions, redeems them to embrace Salvation, and invites them to a life of contentment by partaking in His Kingdom. So now, the choice of repentance, turning to the Lord, and cleaving to Him in trust is up to you. If you choose Him, your choice is above board, and He who never forsakes or abandons His beloved ones, will never leave you a chance of looking back or getting distracted by the things and ways of this world. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
