---
title: "‘If you will, you can make"
date: "2026-01-16"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘If you will, you can make me clean. Moved with pity, He stretched out his hand and touched him and said to him, I will; be clean’ [Mark 1:40-41]

---

### Reflection

We have a God who is compassion and mercy, whose tenderness overflows, seeping through the cracks and crevices of our being. You and I can be ‘fallen’, the weaknesses in our physique that keep interrupting with a quality life, or wounded by sorrows of a lifetime, or those wishes and dreams unfulfilled, the sinfulness of our flesh, the negativity of our thoughts, ….  If ever you felt you were most incompatible with circumstances, situations and people around you, it is time for you to rise and ask for help. Some of us believe that there is no turnaround; all that we could do would be, to linger in there, adjusting, and trying to fit in, like a musician fine-tuning a guitar with broken strings. The Holy Spirit teaches us that things are never sorted out that way, but by taking it to the Lord of All, who knows how best to rectify and revive. What the poor leper (who had absolutely no hope) did was exactly this. He gave up on his ways, thoughts, family, and society to which he was an outcast, and reached out to the Lord Jesus, who could help him out of his situation. He was convinced that if the Lord desired to heal, he would be made clean. Thus, with a heart of humility, he approached Jesus, expressing his trust in him, and asked Him for a healing. It was not just his body that was healed, but also his heart, mind, and spirit. What he never imagined or asked for was given to him, the touch of God, which was healing for a lifetime. What you and I need in our lives too - is a mind and heart touched by God, by seeking Him always especially, when in need. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
