---
title: "‘And all this assembly may know"
date: "2026-01-21"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And all this assembly may know that the Lord saves not with sword and spear. For the Battle is the Lord’s…….’ [1 Samuel 17:47]

---

### Reflection

In those days, war had broken out between the forces of Israel and the Philistines. The Philistines, who were determined to destroy their neighbours (Israelites), approached them this time with a new strategy to outwit them. They camped on a hill opposite to where the Israelite armies camped, which gave them a superior view of all the surrounding places.  Their target was the Judean highlands that they intended to conquer. Spotlighting a giant warrior, Goliath (who was far greater in might, also because of the weapons he used that were made of iron) in the forefront, they challenged the armies of Israel to agree to a single combat with this champion, that they may finally surrender to the Philistines. When the hearts of God’s people were failing in the face of the crisis, God chose David to strengthen them. To be a witness to them all of God’s might, valour, and his faithfulness to protect His people when they cried out to Him. Neither was David a warrior, nor did he know (or ever was trained) how to use a sword, shield, or spear in battle. He went forth courageously against the giant warrior with his sling and stones and with a heart that believed that this battle was ultimately the Lord’s. He would fight for His people to save them. Of David’s conviction and trust, we read in the Book of Psalms thus, ‘He trains my hands for war, and my fingers for battle………… He is my stronghold, my shield and refuge, who subdues people under me (Ps 144:1,2). It is God who trains us to face our daily troubles, hardships and adventures. God wills that we must understand that He saves not in the ways that men do (by sword and spear), but with Him we emerge every time stronger, firmer, resilient, and adept to call the shots in life, not just for us to be triumphant, but to show the way to many to fight their battles with courage and conviction. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
