---
title: "‘I remind you to fan into"
date: "2026-01-26"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘I remind you to fan into flame the gift of God, which is in you through the laying on of my hands’ [2 Timothy 1:6]

---

### Reflection

One thing that is common to all children of God is the gift of God’s Spirit in us. By virtue of our belief in Jesus (the Son of God), we are made children of God, and co-heirs with Jesus Christ. It has already been instilled in us, this gift of God’s power in us. And we are called to live in this power by magnifying it, fanning into flame the fire of God’s power through us. Hardly do we realize God’s power in us, that we are extraordinary, not merely mortals; our lives have been ordained to accomplish a specific purpose, and that we live not by sight but by faith. Therefore, Paul as he exhorted his beloved disciple Timothy, tells us to exercise the deposit of faith in us with accelerated power and conviction. None can claim to have already attained this momentum, but as King Solomon prayed, we must seek in prayer, accepting that we are weak, short-lived, with little understanding and judgment. The commemoration of the feast day of Saints Timothy and Titus rings out this message that God’s Spirit has been given us - not for stagnation and redundancy in faith, but towards generosity, love, self-discipline, and fearlessness. You and I are to hone, shape, and sharpen this Spirit-led conscience of ours to give glory to God and honour others created in the likeness of God. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
