---
title: "‘For as his share is who"
date: "2026-01-24"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For as his share is who goes down into the battle, so shall his share be who stays by the baggage. They shall share alike’ [1 Samuel 30:24]

---

### Reflection

The ones (soldiers) who accompanied him to the battle front against the ‘Amalekites’ were those who disputed sharing the spoils of war with those who stayed back guarding their supplies. David puts an end to this contention by declaring that the spoils were to be equally divided among all men. What prompted David’s decision was a thankful heart, not anchored on pride, greed, or aggression. It was those men who valiantly fought with him against the Amalekites that won him an overrunning victory (he was able to reclaim his wives, children, valuables, and even the wealth that came from the enemy camp who raided his people), but David remembered that it was the hands of God who gained him and these men the power to overtake the enemies. When one’s heart is filled with gratitude, to him nothing else would seem substantial than the reciprocation of this love for God by being merciful to those around. A true and responsible leader would always ensure the welfare of his/her subordinates. In one way or another, You and I have been appointed leaders in our specific niches, to lead, teach, proclaim, and deliver from evil and iniquities. Have we been equally compassionate to those who contributed their parts to a cause (goal/objective) but in a silent, discreet, and low-profile style, or have we been overtly careful in appeasing those who were loud, demanding, the extroverts, and rebels among us?  A difficult question, but the Spirit of the Lord asks us to ponder deep. Everyone has his/her unique role to play in our lives - the more we broaden ourselves towards inclusiveness, the more we serve and honor the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
