---
title: "Our Life - A call to His Eternal Glory"
date: 2026-04-08
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Was it not necessary that the Christ should suffer these things and enter into his glory’ 
> **[Luke 24:26]**

---

### Reflection

The disciples of Jesus were being affirmed to believe that Christ was always with them. In their/our moments of high and low, when things worked out as expected and even when not, when in the midst of the crowds and when in solitude – Jesus is with us. And when He accompanies the faithful soul, he causes them to think and rationalize, not as the world induces us to see or perceive, but to the contrary. When the world leads and encourages us to pursue fame, success, and glory, Jesus reminds us that there is suffering and trial before any crown of glory. 

Each suffering has a magical power within to cleanse, set off, or neutralize the stain of sin attached to the soul, to prepare it to receive grace. St. Bridget of Sweden thus called ‘life’s sufferings’ God’s Ledger book by which He settles the accounts of each soul, while on earth. St Paul draws before us a chain of hope whose constituent elements are suffering, endurance, character, hope, and the culmination of which is glory, all driven through the love of God poured into our hearts by the Spirit of God. 

By this revelation of Jesus, those disciples who walked away (disappointed) to Emmaus were taught to return and wait in prayerful hope for the empowerment by the Holy Spirit. It ‘certainly’ is the same for us too, when in our dark moments are exhorted by the Lord, not to fear and lose hope, but to consistently wait for the Lord through prayer and a life of trust. 
---

###  Prayer

For Jesus promises us (John 10:28) that those who trust in Him will never perish, can never be snatched away from Him by any, and they will receive their reward of Eternity. Our lives are a call to this Eternal glory and His way is the way. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**