---
title: "‘Has the Lord as great delight"
date: "2026-01-19"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Has the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to listen than the fat of the rams’ [1 Samuel 15:22]

---

### Reflection

To know what God desires of us is the first step in understanding our true selves. What King Saul failed to realize and what David always remembered was what proved them distinct in the eyes of the Lord. David called himself ‘a humble shepherd’ whom God elevated to the position of kingship of all Israel. All his deeds, words, and the rationale behind all decisions he took were founded on this realization or formation of his conscience. Thus, though he failed at times, severely succumbing to sin, he was able to make a comeback and reclaim the Spirit of God given to him. Saul, on the other hand, forgot all those circumstances of the past that, though he was little and unworthy, God chose him to be the leader of all the tribes of Israel. Therefore, after each victory he won over his enemies, he tried all the more to appease his subjects - the people of Israel, convinced that this would secure his House for kingship through generations. Let not what proved destructive to Saul and his house transpire to us who believe in the Lord. What the Lord asks of us (not what we feel we must do) is what brings success to our lives, families, and generations. It is in obeying Him that we grow more into ourselves. He has called us to be more gentle, humble, merciful, and yielding to Him. This is what pleases the Lord above all rituals, sacrifices, religious obligations, and the like. No human discontent can put you down, unless decided so by the Lord. Take courage and strengthen yourself in the Lord. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
