---
title: "‘Remember me, O Lord, when you"
date: "2026-02-12"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Remember me, O Lord, when you show favor to your people; help me when you save them, that I may look upon the prosperity of your chosen ones…that I may glory with your inheritance’ [Psalm 106:4,5]

---

### Reflection

The prayers and efforts of this passionate leader, ardent yet fervently dedicated to the cause of God’s people (their well-being) are echoed through this Psalm. You and I, have been anointed by the Lord to lead those given to our care, in our families, communities, parishes, institutions, and groups. What is, and what God desires of us, is the attitude of a ‘father’ who protects and assures his children. He ensures they are firm in their tasks, nothing deters their progress – be it the situations and circumstances they encounter, the people they meet with, that fear does not suppress their purpose and conviction in life, also that a sure strong foundation is set up for them to build their lives. The question we need to ask ourselves is just this – Do any of my words, actions, or beliefs counter or disrupt the pace of progress of those given to my care? Do my interests (individual, social, or any other) pose obstacles to their zeal in carrying on with their goals in life? Do I unduly judge my people (given to my care) without understanding them or stepping into their shoes (their lifestyle, struggles, pain, and challenges)? Do I sincerely pray that they may see the success they wish for themselves? And when I ensure my ways confer with their success, it is then that my works become favorable to the Lord. I can with pride glory in the inheritance that the Lord has specially granted to me. Grant me this bent of mind to be remembered by you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
