---
title: "‘For the commandment is a lamp"
date: "2026-01-29"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For the commandment is a lamp and the teaching a light, and the reproofs of discipline are the way of life’ [Proverbs 6:23]

---

### Reflection

God spoke to His people (The Israelites) through the prophets, the judges, seers, and even through their life experiences. He gave them the Decalogue (The Ten Commandments) that were to be observed conscientiously by them. In His Eternal plan for Salvation, at every stage, He visited His people through the prophets and judges who advised them, taught them the way of life, and reprimanded them when they strayed away from the path of life. God continues His Salvation master plan throughout history and even to our days through the same modus operandi in Jesus Christ. By familiarising us with His Commandments, teaching us His Word, and offering us every opportunity for a comeback through mercy in Jesus’ name, we are led by the Lord in His path to reach our destiny. But what if we fail to learn from what He teaches us, advises us, or mercifully reprimands us? The mercy of God would subdue us into wanton sufferings, to teach, warn, and correct us to take on the path of Light. We must remember that through His suffering and resurrection, Jesus has enabled us to approach the Throne of Grace to seek mercy and strength whenever we are weak or sinful, but with a contrite heart. A Universe of Grace the Lord has created and submerged us into, that through those around us, He teaches, advises, reprimands, and corrects us. Are we willing to humbly yield to the promptings of the Lord is where we are asked to examine ourselves today. All the commandments (rules), the counsel/suggestions of those who wield authority, and even their admonitions are Divinely inspired and given us, let us prudently discern how to make constructive sense of these to attain our goals in life. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
