---
title: "‘For in you my soul takes"
date: "2026-01-23"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For in you my soul takes refuge; in the shadow of your wings I will take refuge, till the storms of destruction pass by. I cry out to God Most High, to God who fulfils His purpose for me’ [Psalms 57:1,2]

---

### Reflection

When people and circumstances around me rule out a possibility for a comeback, in God Most High will I take comfort. The soul may be wearied when one after another ‘adversity’ meets a man face to face, and to him it may seem that the dead end is near. More than any other, this soul needs upliftment, and encouragement can never come from the world. It comes from the Lord, who not only knows the beginning and end of everything, but also is so close to the one who struggles. David poured out his heart and the pangs of a wearied soul (in prayer), that were distraught by affliction and insecurity for quite a while. If he were to look at the people who supported him, or the context in which he was at the moment, he would never have had the courage to pray like this. The Spirit of God enlightens us through the example of David to stand firm in the face of adversity by first strengthening the soul – by seeking strength and protection from above. Once this is achieved, the mind (and heart) of the person is prepared to think, reason out, and define what the possible turnaround on the matter could be. Therefore, like David, we must cry out to the Lord till the turbulence has passed, till the affliction has ceased, and till the phase of testing has been complete, so that God’s purpose for us may be fulfilled and in his time. David got the strength to discern (rightly) that paying tit for tat (evil with evil) to Saul (God’s anointed and king) was not desired by God. Instead, he made use of the opportunity to arouse repentance and conversion in this King. He patiently waited for his vindication from God through His intervention in life. Let us pray for the grace of discernment and fortitude that builds up a man with extraordinary power. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
