---
title: "‘Therefore, Saul sent messengers to Jesse"
date: "2026-01-20"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘Therefore, Saul sent messengers to Jesse and said, “Send me, David your son, who is with the sheep”’ [1 Samuel 16:19]

---

### Reflection

Israel’s King Saul was in deep trouble. He was being tormented by an evil Spirit, which would bother him even to the extent of disrupting his kingly responsibilities. This had become public to all those in the royal service, and so they came by suggesting practical measures to help the king overcome his present crisis. Had there been anyone in the King’s court/his family to persuade him to reach out to the Lord for a remedy, his destiny would have been different. To compare this to what occurs in our daily lives is what God’s Spirit inspires us to do. When a crisis hits hard, and all of a sudden, what are we prone to doing? Of course, by hook and crook, we would explore all the measures at hand to set things right, and that too at once, without anyone knowing of it. Are not we too supposed to turn to the Lord at first and ask Him of the immediate steps to be taken then? Going by what Saul did, he was indirectly (unknowingly) working towards God’s plan (about David) being progressively fulfilled. David was accorded entry into the royal service of the King by this very incident. From then on, the house of Saul proved to be the formation house of David, Israel’s impending King and the favoured one of God. To David, this would have meant a paradigm shift, a total transformation from that of a humble shepherd to a warrior whom God chose him to be. God’s ways are high and can never be thwarted or averted by human wisdom or intellect. Those obstacles that you and I see in life, those that were the work of others, our weaknesses, physical incapacities, or the like (those that we have always regretted about) could be stepping stones for us to climb higher, to unimaginable heights. For this is God’s doing for us and for Him ‘Nothing’ is impossible. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
