---
title: "Our Vocation"
date: 2026-04-11
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘And He said to them, ‘Go into all the world and proclaim the Gospel to the whole creation"
> **[Mark 16:15]**

---

### Reflection

Jesus taught His disciples that He was the fulfilment of the Law and the Prophets. To them and through them, He worked miracles to demonstrate the power of His Kingdom; He foretold them of His death, His resurrection, and the coming of the Helper, the Holy Spirit. 

The blind were healed, the lame began to walk, the diseased healed and delivered by His Word. All this was a training given by the Lord to His disciples to trust in providence – to trust in God’s way. But when the passion, death, and crucifixion came, they were unprepared to accept these. Therefore, the Lord appeared to many to encourage them. He appeared after the resurrection to Mary of Magdalene, who was told to reveal this truth to the disciples. He appeared to the two disciples who desperately moved away from Jerusalem (traumatised by the events that occurred to Jesus) to reassure them that He was alive with them. The disciples remained wounded in heart and dejected because (despite the account from several eyewitnesses) they failed to trust God’s providence and His ways. 

To these, the resurrected Lord appears, filling their hearts with hope, joy, and peace; He removes from them fear, agony, despair, and sense of loss, by rebuking these spirits that tormented them. Then He anoints them to be live channels of His message – a message of hope, joy, and peace, unknown to the world. This ‘Great Commission’ must not be restricted to one time in history, but is an ever continuing vocation, given to you and me – to go and tell all mankind that hope emerges from Jesus and trust in Him, for He is the Creator, Master, and Saviour of all mankind. Let this message be the source of our conviction and that of all mankind. Amen 

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**