---
title: "‘The Lord will create over all"
date: "2026-01-01"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘The Lord will create over all of Mount Zion and over those who assemble there a cloud of smoke by day and a glow of flaming fire by night; over everything the glory will be a canopy’ [Isaiah 4:5]

---

### Reflection

With God, all things are going to be possible for you and me. As we wind up a grand eventful year and long for a new beginning in 2026, God promises us that His glory will be a canopy over us. Those issues we had been grappling with, those questions unanswered, those specifics over which we had the least control over, not that these would disappear all at once, but we would learn to carry them over with better turnarounds in the coming days. He would teach us to see through situations, instances, and people with better clarity and insight. When the Lord takes over and runs the show, everything would just seem to be falling in place. He would destroy the divides, the causes of hate, and ridicule, and bring in extraordinary peace, that had been evading our hearts for long. He wills that we offer to Him our lives, our dreams, convictions, beliefs, hopes, that they may be sanctified, refined and enriched with purpose and design. How often we sulk over little inconveniences, difficulties and challenges that daily life puts before us. The Lord Jesus tells us to maintain our calm and composure, for He knows our feeble frame, our inadequacies, and needs. With His perfect plan in place, He will see us through these too. Let us thank Jesus for our yesterdays, the year that had gone by, for the pleasures, happiness, and fortunes we received; for the people, and opportunities He created for us. Lord, do it once again for us in this new year too. Wishing you a prosperous and happy New year 2026. God bless you

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
