---
title: "‘So then, those who suffer according"
date: "2026-01-03"
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘So then, those who suffer according to God’s will should commit themselves to their faithful Creator and continue to do good’ [1 Peter 4:19]

---

### Reflection

The suffering that bears fruit – to this the Spirit of the Lord draws our attention and understanding today. Of being subject to difficulties, pain, ailments, insult, or the fiery ordeal sent (permitted by the Lord) to test your faith, as St Peter names this type of suffering, this is what it means to suffer as a Christian, a prototype of Christ. Now, suffering is never acceptable to anyone, or pleasant to the human senses. And when pain strikes one, the one who is afflicted only knows what he or she is going through in life. It is God, and no other who can provide him the console or comfort he deserves at that time. Therefore, as Christians, we are called to be merciful to those undergoing suffering, to refrain from judging another in pain (from our perspective). The one who goes through rough times in life must believe that he is treading the very path that Christ did. The Spirit of Christ Jesus, who raised him up to glory will as well abide in this one, who walks with Christ. So let us offer the hardships and sufferings of our lives to our faithful God, and continue to do good, for this is what is expected of us, for Christ to be glorified through us. You and I are witnesses to the Lord, and called to be the Light to this world, Let none of us bear sufferings on account of our misdeeds, but let us bear the sufferings of Christ in us that builds, supports, plants, and triumphs for greater glory to be manifested in the lives of many. Jesus be with you. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**
