---
title: "In His Presence, Joy Without End"
date: 2026-04-06
layout: "layout.njk"
---

### Verse for Today

> ‘For you will not abandon my soul to Sheol, or let your holy one see corruption. You make known to me the path of life; in your presence there is fullness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures forevermore’ 
> **[Psalm 16:10,11]**

---

### Reflection

According to God’s definite plan and foreknowledge, Jesus was handed over to the Romans to be crucified, to die, and was buried. But this was not without purpose or forever. On the third day, Jesus was raised from death to life and seated in glory with the Father in Heaven, above all things created. So that by seeing Jesus, believing in Him, we would all receive the same resurrection in our lives. 

There may be dark times, heart-rending disappointments, discouragements, and failures in life, but these cannot define who we are or what we have been created for. With Jesus beside us, we will re-emerge bountifully and elegantly, by the working of His Spirit in us. 

His presence is the source of our joy, content, and peace, even in the midst of all noise and turmoil. This is what Jesus mentioned of ‘the peace He gives us’ and that which is unknown to the world. His disciples were reminded soon after His resurrection to take heart (though He was not with them physically), His peace would lead them to where and what they were called to do – to continue Jesus’ mission of healing and deliverance on earth. 
---

###  Prayer

When distraught and heavy, let us call Jesus’ name, seek His intervention, mercy and compassion, and that we may be filled with Him and His peace. Just like ‘David’ who took shelter under his rock, the Lord, let us also learn to surrender and seek refuge in Jesus Christ. Amen

---

### Author  
**Dr. Mini Sherino**